Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 30 points , on 11 - of - 19 shooting , including 2 - of - 7 from long range , along with five rebounds , three assists and three blocks , in 32 minutes off the bench . Five other players scored in double digits for the Sixers , including Dario Saric , who finished with 13 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 28 minutes off the bench , while Jabari Parker chipped in 15 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , along with five rebounds and one assist , in 25 minutes . Meanwhile , Zach LaVine led the way for the Bulls with 30 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting , in 29 minutes off the bench , while Robert Covington chipped in 20 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting , including 4 - of - 11 from long range . The only other player to score in double digits for Chicago was Dario Saric , who finished with 13 points , 3 rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 24 minutes off the bench . Six players scored in double digits for the Bulls , led by Zach LaVine , who finished with 30 points , five rebounds , three assists , three blocks and one steal , in 30 minutes off the bench . Robert Covington and Robert Covington finished with 20 points each , while Jabari Parker had a poor shooting night , going 7 - of - 16 . He finished with 15 points , along with five rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 25 minutes .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Orlando Magic , 116 - 115 , at Wells Fargo Center on Saturday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the decisive stretch for the 76ers , as they outscored Orlando , 33 - 34 . Rebounding was also decisive , with Philadelphia winning that battle , 46 - 49 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Orlando , despite committing nine less turnovers . The Magic ( 1 - 2 ) came into this game winning four of their last five , so a road win is just what the doctor ordered . Evan Fournier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 31 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks . Aaron Gordon recorded 20 points , 12 rebounds and three assists of his own . Aaron Gordon went 7 - of - 12 from the field to collect 20 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Orlando will host the Boston Celtics on Monday for their next game . The Magic ( 1 - 2 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . J.J. Redick had his best game in a silver uniform , as he led the team with 31 points , four rebounds and four assists . J.J. Redick was second on the team , finishing with 31 points , four rebounds and four assists . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks . Orlando will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup against the Boston Celtics .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 105 - 103 , at Wells Fargo Center on Saturday . While these are two teams that have struggled this season , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were nine ties and 18 lead changes , as neither team led by more than 12 points . The Sixers did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 25 - of - 30 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a big factor for the Sixers as well , winning that battle . 48 - 48 , and doubling up the Hornets in offensive rebounds . Charlotte ( 3 - 4 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . Kemba Walker did all he could though , leading the team with 37 points , six rebounds and six assists . Robert Covington was n't far behind , as he tallied 18 points and 10 rebounds . Cody Zeller was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 12 points and six rebounds . Miles Bridges came off the bench to provide 14 points and two rebounds . Charlotte will return to action on Tuesday in a road matchup with the Miami Heat . Philadelphia ( 3 - 3 ) has had to play some tough competition lately and it 's no easy task to play in Philadelphia right now . Joel Embiid led the team in scoring , tallying 27 points , 15 rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 22 shooting . Robert Covington was second on the team , totaling 18 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and four blocks . Cody Zeller was the only other starter in double figures , scoring 12 points and grabbing six boards . Dario Saric provided 11 points , six rebounds and four assists of his own off the bench as well . On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Monday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 113 - 92 , at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . The Sixers ( 4 - 3 ) checked in to Monday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Hawks ( 2 - 4 ) , managing a 41 percent success rate from the floor and 30 percent figure from three - point range . They also held the Hawks to a 22 percent success rate from behind the arc , and a 30 percent figure from three - point range . The Sixers were led by Ben Bazemore 's 18 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . Markelle shooting guard J.J. Redick was next with 14 points , eight boards , three assists , two steals and a block . Robert Covington and Joel Embiid had a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the former also supplying six rebounds , an assist , three steals and two blocks , and the latter supplying five rebounds , six assists , two steals and two blocks . Ben Bazemore paced the second unit with 11 points , five boards , an assist , three blocks and a steal . Ben Bazemore was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , five rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Joel Embiid 's 10 points led the Sixers , a total he supplemented with six rebounds , six assists and two blocks . However , he shot just 4 - of - 9 from the field and 2 - of - 5 from three - point range . Dewayne Dedmon paced the Hawks with 11 points , five rebounds and one steal . Robert Covington tallied 11 points , six rebounds , one assist , three steals and two blocks . J.J. Redick pitched in with 14 points , eight boards , three assists , two steals and a block . Joel Embiid had a modest game by his standards , registering 10 points , six rebounds , six assists and two blocks . The Hawks head back home to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday night , while the 76ers head north of the border to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 122 - 113 , at Wells Fargo Center on Thursday . The 76ers ( 4 - 4 ) came in to Thursday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also unable to secure a victory against a quality opponent . However , Los Angeles was able to pull away with a 29 - 30 first quarter and never looked back . Lou Williams paced the way for the visitors with 26 points , two assists , one rebound and one steal . Danilo Gallinari tallied 25 points , eight rebounds and one assist . Tobias Harris posted a bench - leading 24 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , three assists and one block . Boban Marjanovic contributed a 15 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist , two blocks and one steal to lead the second unit . Robert Covington filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , seven rebounds , two assists , four blocks and four steals . Boban Marjanovic paced the bench with 15 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds , one assist , one steal and three blocks . Danilo Gallinari and Tobias Harris turned in a pair of 25 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds and one assist , and the latter supplying three rebounds and four assists . Robert Covington produced 10 points , seven rebounds , two assists , three blocks and four steals . Landry chipped in with 12 points , nine rebounds and one steal . Ben Simmons led the bench with 14 points , three assists , three rebounds and three blocks . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 41 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and four blocks . J.J. Redick contributed 18 points , two rebounds and four assists . Ben Simmons led the bench with 14 points , three assists , three rebounds and one steal . Robert Covington filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , seven rebounds , two assists , four blocks and four steals . The Clippers head back home to face the Orlando Magic on Friday night , while the Clippers head to Philadelphia to tangle with the Magic on Saturday night .
The Sixers were expected to win this game easily and they did just that , as they never trailed after the first five minutes . In fact , the 76ers won all four quarters en route to their 39 - point win . Defense was key , as they held Detroit to 40 percent shooting and forced them to commit 17 turnovers . Blake Griffin carried the load for the Pistons , as he tallied 38 points , 13 rebounds and six assists in the win . J.J. Redick was second on the team , scoring 16 points on 3 - of - 10 shooting . All five starters scored in double figures for the 76ers , as they outscored the Detroit starters , 57 - 37 . Blake Griffin led the way for the Pistons , as he collected 38 points , 13 rebounds and six assists . J.J. Redick finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and four rebounds . Mike Muscala was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and four steals . The 76ers ( 4 - 4 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Blake Griffin had one of his best games of the season , totaling 38 points , 13 rebounds and two steals on 12 - of - 21 shooting . J.J. Redick went 3 - of - 6 from the field to accrue 16 points , two rebounds and four assists . Blake Griffin led the way for Philadelphia , as he accrued 38 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two steals . J.J. Redick finished second on the team , amassing 16 points and four assists .
The Sixers collectively shot 48 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range , with Kemba Walker leading the way with a game - high 30 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , nine assists and one steal . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 22 points , along with nine rebounds , an assist , two steals and three blocks . Dario Saric filled out the stat sheet with 18 points , nine rebounds , two assists and one block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist posted a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists . Malik Monk led the bench with 12 points , four boards and one assist . Kemba Walker 's 30 points led the Hornets , a total he supplemented with nine assists , seven rebounds and one steal . Jeremy Lamb was next with a bench - leading 17 points , along with three rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block . Willy Hernangomez provided 14 points , four rebounds , one assist and two blocks . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist had a near double - double of 12 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Malik Monk led the bench with 14 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with 30 points , nine assists , seven rebounds and one steal . Ben Simmons led the bench with 22 points , nine rebounds , two assists , three blocks and two steals . Jeremy Lamb followed with 17 points , three rebounds , one assist and one steal . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist managed a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists . Malik Monk led the bench with 12 points , three rebounds , four assists and one steal . The Hornets head back home to face the Memphis Pistons on Sunday evening , while the Hornets remain home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Utah Jazz , 113 - 107 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the decisive stretch for the 76ers , as they outscored Utah , 32 - 32 . Rebounding was the biggest factor for Philadelphia , as they won that battle , 41 - 39 . The Sixers also shot over 51 percent from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . The Jazz ( 7 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Joel Embiid was n't far behind , accumulating 23 points , seven rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Derrick Favors came off the bench to provide 13 points and six rebounds . Utah 's next game is on Saturday , when they take on the Boston Celtics at home . The 76ers ( 10 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Jimmy Butler continued his MVP campaign , collecting 28 points , three rebounds , seven assists and two steals on 12 - of - 15 shooting . Derrick Favors finished second on the team with 13 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Phoenix Suns , 119 - 114 , at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . While these are two teams that have struggled this season , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were nine ties and 28 lead changes in total , as neither team led by more than nine points . Almost all of the stats were even aside from rebounding , as the Sixers doubled up the Suns in offensive rebounding and won the rebounding battle , 53 - 31 . Philadelphia did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 31 - of - 42 from the charity stripe , with Phoenix hitting just 13 - of - 24 . The Sixers ( 12 - 7 ) have been playing much better on the offensive end recently and this performance only adds to those numbers . Joel Embiid was the star , as he tallied 33 points , 17 rebounds and three steals in the loss . Ben Simmons was second on the team , as he scored 19 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting . J.J. Redick made his return from a one - game absence to score 17 points , as he added four rebounds to three assists . The 76ers ( 3 - 13 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Devin Booker led the way , as he tallied 37 points , three rebounds and eight assists . Ben Simmons was second on the team , as he provided 19 points and 11 rebounds off the bench as well . Ben Simmons recorded 16 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench , while Jimmy Butler totaled 16 points , three rebounds and two steals .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 121 - 120 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Sixers ( 13 - 7 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 13 - 7 ) had been particularly vulnerable to shooting guards . On Wednesday , guard E'Twaun Moore was forced to leave the game in the third quarter with a groin injury and did not return . The Sixers ( 10 - 8 ) were led by E'Twaun Moore , who poured in a game - high 30 points and adding two rebounds and an assist . Ben Simmons was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit scoring , supplying 22 points , seven assists , eight rebounds , a steal and a pair of blocks . Jimmy Butler ( 13 points , six rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) and Nikola Mirotic ( 15 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block ) were productive as reserves as well . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 31 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two blocks . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 22 points , along with eight rebounds , seven assists , two blocks and a steal . Jimmy Butler was next with 13 points , three assists , six rebounds , three steals and a block . Nikola Mirotic paced the reserves with 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal . Jimmy Butler was next behind Moore with 13 points , six rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , six rebounds and two assists . Anthony Davis was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , amassing 12 points , 16 rebounds , six assists , five blocks and five blocks . Jimmy Butler ( 13 points , six rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) and Jimmy Butler ( 13 points , six rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) were productive in reserve roles . The Pelicans head back home to face the New York Knicks on Friday evening , while the Sixers remain home to tangle with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night .
Rodney Hood 's 25 - point outburst , his best scoring total since the opener , led the way for the Sixers . J.J. Redick checked in a rather distant second with 23 points . Ben Simmons was next in line with a 22 - point , 4 - rebound double - double . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 22 points . Tristan Thompson supplied an 18 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . Landry Osman next with 20 points in just 31 minutes off the bench . Jimmy Butler followed with 22 points , while Ben Simmons led the second unit with 22 points . Tristan Thompson was productive as a reserve as well , managing 18 points and 13 boards . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 24 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , while Jimmy Butler compiled 22 points , two assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block while leading the Sixers . The Sixers head back home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday night , while the Cavs remain home and await the Houston Rockets for a Sunday evening showdown of their own , while the Cavaliers travel to Houston to take on the Rockets in Brooklyn on Sunday evening . Overall , the Cavs remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are the second seed in the conference , two and a half games over the Toronto Raptors . They remain home for their next Sunday evening tussle with the Brooklyn Nets , while the Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the Houston Rockets on Sunday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New York Knicks , 117 - 91 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . While these are two teams that have struggled this season , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were 13 ties and 27 lead changes in total , as neither team led by more than nine points . The Sixers did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 11 - of - 16 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a huge factor for the Sixers as well , winning that battle , 50 - 41 . The Sixers ( 15 - 8 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Knicks is just what they need to get going . Mario Hezonja led the team in scoring , as he dropped 17 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting . Enes Kanter went just 6 - of - 9 from the field , but finished with 17 points and six rebounds . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points and six rebounds . The Sixers ( 15 - 16 ) had to play this game without Isaiah Thomas ( knee ) and they simply could n't overcome his absence . Joel Embiid did all he could for New York in this game , as he led the team with 26 points and 14 rebounds . J.J. Redick scored 24 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting . Ben Simmons led the bench in scoring , providing 14 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . The Sixers ( 7 - 16 ) have struggled on offense all season and shooting nights like this have become all too common . Mario Hezonja led the team in scoring , accruing 17 points , five rebounds and four steals in the defeat . Enes Kanter was second on the team , scoring 17 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Jimmy Butler was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated seven points , four rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Knicks is a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Washington Wizards , 123 - 98 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The second quarter was the decisive stretch for the 76ers , as they outscored the Wizards , 37 - 27 . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Philadelphia shooting 44 percent and Washington hitting just 40 percent of their shots . The Sixers also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding battle , 58 - 29 , and outscoring the Wizards in the paint , 22 - 28 . Joel Embiid did all he could to keep the Wizards hanging around , as he tallied 16 points and 15 rebounds in the loss . Austin Rivers led the team in scoring , dropping 15 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Washington will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets . Philadelphia ( 16 - 8 ) have been dominant on the offensive end this season , but a win over the Wizards is just what they need to get some momentum going . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points and four rebounds on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Jimmy Butler was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 11 points , seven rebounds , four assists and four steals . T.J. McConnell accrued 11 points , two rebounds and seven assists in the defeat . Austin Rivers was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , two rebounds and an assist . On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 103 - 95 , at Wells Fargo Center on Sunday . While these are two teams that have struggled this season , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were nine ties and 25 lead changes , as neither team led by more than 12 points . The Sixers did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 23 - of - 30 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a big factor for the Sixers as well , winning that battle . 42 - 19 . The Sixers ( 13 - 9 ) had a tough task here without Isaiah Jackson and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to win this game . J.J. Redick did all he could for Memphis , as he led the team with 24 points and three rebounds . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , accumulating 21 points , three rebounds and two assists . Joel Embiid was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points , four rebounds and three assists . Memphis will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Toronto 76ers . The Grizzlies ( 13 - 9 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , two rebounds , five assists and two steals on 6 - of - 17 from the field . Joel Embiid recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 14 rebounds and three assists . Jaren on deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 116 - 102 , at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . The Sixers ( 19 - 9 ) have certainly had their share of ups and downs this season , but have recently been on a modest upswing , checking into Monday 's contest as winners in three of their previous four games . Even through their struggles , their defense has largely been consistent , and such was the case again Monday . Philadelphia created a whopping 15 turnovers , while also limiting the Pistons ( 13 - 12 ) to 49 percent shooting overall and inducing 15 turnovers . Detroit was led by a pair of 28 - point efforts from Andre Drummond and Andre Drummond , with the latter adding 17 rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal , while the latter supplied seven boards and a trio of assists . Ben Simmons was productive in a reserve role as well with 18 points , seven assists , a steal , two steals and a block . T.J. McConnell provided 14 points , six assists , four rebounds and two steals . Landry chipped in 10 points , four rebounds and one assist in a reserve role as well . Joel Embiid paced Detroit with 24 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two blocks and two steals . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 18 points , along with seven rebounds , seven assists , two steals and a block . José Jose Calderon supplied 11 points , four assists and a rebound . Jon Leuer led the second unit with eight points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Pistons head back home to face off with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday evening , while the Pistons remain home to tangle with the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday night .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 127 - 124 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Nets ( 19 - 10 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process `` slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Brooklyn and the Sixers ( 19 - 10 ) were able to take advantage of a hard - fought battle against the feisty Sixers ( 19 - 10 ) . Dinwiddie 's season - high 39 points led the way , which he supplemented with two rebounds , five assists and one steal . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 22 points , along with eight rebounds , seven assists , two blocks and four steals . Ben Simmons followed with a bench - leading 22 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , seven assists , four blocks and four steals . T.J. McConnell filled out the stat sheet with 17 points , four assists and two rebounds . D'Angelo Russell went for 12 points , while D'Angelo Russell led the bench with 12 points , seven assists and one steal . Ed Davis was productive as a reserve as well with seven points and 10 rebounds . Dinwiddie led the way with 39 points , five assists , two rebounds and one steal . Ben Simmons led the bench with 22 points , seven assists , eight rebounds , two blocks and four steals . T.J. McConnell contributed 17 points , four assists and two rebounds . J.J. Reddick led the second unit with 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and one steal . Allen Crabbe paced the Philadelphia bench with a season - high 39 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , five assists and one steal . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 22 points , along with eight rebounds , seven assists , four blocks and four steals . T.J. McConnell provided 17 points , four assists and two rebounds . J.J. Reddick led the second unit with 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and one steal . Landry led the way for the second unit with 39 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , five assists and one steal . Ben Simmons led the bench with 22 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , four blocks and four steals . T.J. McConnell tallied 17 points , four assists and two rebounds . J.J. Reddick led the second unit with 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and one steal . The 76ers are off until Friday night , when they take on the Indiana Pacers at home .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 113 - 101 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . The Pacers ( 19 - 10 ) came in to Friday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Pacers ( 19 - 10 ) built a 62 - 44 lead by halftime . The Sixers ( 19 - 10 ) outscored the Sixers ( 19 - 11 ) by a 33 - 24 margin during the final 14 minutes , capping off a momentous comeback with a 18 - foot bucket from Joel Embiid as time expired to seal the somewhat improbable road win . Embiid led the way with a game - high 40 points , which he complemented with 21 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . He was in a zone shooting - wise , going 13 - of - 22 from the field , a tally that included a 0 - of - 2 mark from long distance . Five other players managed to hit double digits in the scoring column , and the Pacers also shot 44 percent from the field overall . Indiana ( 19 - 11 ) was led by Thaddeus Young 's 26 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds and five assists . Bojan Bogdanovic supplied 18 points , five boards and two assists . Domantas Sabonis tallied 14 points , two rebounds and two assists . Victor Oladipo supplied 14 points , nine assists , a rebound and three steals . Domantas McConnell supplied a full stat line of six points , five assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block . Cory Joseph led the bench with 14 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Joel Embiid continued his stretch of excellent early - season play , posting a season - high 40 points and adding a 21 - point , 21 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a block . Bojan Bogdanovic was right behind him with 18 points , five rebounds and two assists . Ben Simmons led the bench with 18 points , four assists , nine rebounds , two steals and a block . Landry chipped in with seven points , five rebounds and an assist . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Sunday to face off against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New York Knicks , 131 - 109 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Sixers ( 21 - 12 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone Ben Simmons ( 30 ) on the offensive side . Tim Hardaway Jr. was the high - point man for the Knicks on Wednesday , pouring in 27 points . He also added five assists , three rebounds and two steals . Tim Hardaway , Jr. checked in second with a team - high 27 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Jimmy Butler was next with 20 points , four assists , four rebounds and three steals . Enes Kanter followed with a 15 - point , 6 - rebound , double - double that also included two assists and a steal . Emmanuel Mudiay provided 11 points , five assists and three rebounds , although he committed a game - high six turnovers as well . Enes Kanter was productive in a reserve role as well with 15 points ( 5 - 8 FG ) , six rebounds and one steal . Emmanuel Mudiay ( 11 points ) and Emmanuel Mudiay ( 11 points ) rounded out the first unit 's strong night , while J.J. Redick ( 14 points ) and Noah Mudiay ( 11 points ) were productive in reserve roles . The Knicks were led by matching 27 - point efforts from Tim Hardaway , Jr. and Jimmy Butler , with the former adding six rebounds , five assists and two steals and the latter supplying six boards and one steal . Emmanuel Mudiay provided 11 points , five assists and three rebounds , while Emmanuel Mudiay turned in 11 points , five assists and three rebounds . The Knicks head back home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night , while the Knicks head to the Lone Star State for a Saturday evening date with the Atlanta Hawks .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Toronto Raptors , 126 - 101 , at Wells Fargo Center on Saturday . The Sixers ( 22 - 12 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process `` slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Philadelphia , on the other hand , have been looking to stay competitive despite the worst start of the season . The Raptors ( 25 - 10 ) were the latest team to learn that lesson the hard way , as they fell victim to a Philadelphia fourth - quarter comeback and ultimately pull away in the fourth quarter . The visitors were led by a 26 - point effort from Joel Embiid , who added 11 rebounds , two assists and a steal . Kyle Lowry was next with 20 points , five assists , six rebounds , a steal and a block . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 12 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal , while Danny Green contributed nine points , three rebounds and a steal . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 27 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Jimmy Butler followed with 12 points , seven assists , seven rebounds , three steals and a block . Norman Powell led the bench with 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal , while Fred VanVleet was also productive as a reserve with 12 points , two rebounds , three assists and a steal . Jimmy Butler 's 12 points led the Sixers , a total he supplemented with seven assists , seven rebounds , three steals and a block . Kyle Lowry was right behind him with 20 points , five assists , six rebounds , a steal and a block . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 12 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal , while Danny Green totaled nine points , three rebounds and a steal . The Raptors head down to South Florida for a Wednesday night date with the Miami Heat , while the 76ers remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Tuesday evening as well .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Mavericks , 106 - 50 , at Wells Fargo Center on Saturday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The second quarter was the decisive stretch for the 76ers , as they outscored the Mavericks , 28 - 25 . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Philadelphia shooting 47 percent , while holding the Mavericks to 25 percent from the field . Dallas also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Luka , while committing six less turnovers . The Sixers ( 26 - 21 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Joel Embiid carried the load , as he tallied 25 points , 12 rebounds and five assists in the defeat . J.J. Redick was second on the team , scoring 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , three rebounds and two steals . Philadelphia will look to play better on Monday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers . Philadelphia ( 26 - 14 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Ben Simmons led the way , as he tallied 20 points and two rebounds . Ryan Broekhoff was second on the team , as he dropped 20 points on 8 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Jalen starters , Harrison Barnes , Harrison Barnes and Harrison Barnes all scored at least 13 points . On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Washington Lakers on Tuesday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Washington Wizards , 132 - 115 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . The Sixers ( 27 - 14 ) continue to sport the NBA 's worst record , but that has n't deterred them from playing hard in the majority of recent games . Such was the case again Tuesday , as Washington took a 29 - 29 lead after one quarter and never looked back . All five members of Philadelphia 's first unit managed double - digit scoring and the Sixers collectively shot an outstanding 56 percent from the floor and 52 percent from three - point range . They also held the Wizards to a 44 percent tally , and 50 percent from three - point range . Bradley Beal led the Wizards with a game - high 28 points , which he supplemented with two assists , three rebounds and three steals . Jimmy Butler followed with 20 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals . Otto Porter and Otto Porter , Jr. produced matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding one rebound , an assist and two steals , and the latter registering seven boards , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Chasson Randle paced the bench with 10 points , one rebound and two assists . Landry paced the Sixers with 29 points , three rebounds , one assist and one steal . Embiid was next with a 20 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 17 points , along with five rebounds , nine assists and three steals . Sam Dekker was next with a bench - leading 14 points that he supplemented with three rebounds , four assists and one steal . Ian Mahinmi managed 10 points , seven rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Trevor Ariza led the second unit with nine points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal . The Wizards head back home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Wednesday evening , while the Wizards head to the Nation 's Capital to tangle with the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Hawks , 123 - 100 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The second quarter was the difference in the game , as the Hawks outscored the Hawks , 22 - 42 . Defense was key for the Hawks , as they held the Hawks to 42 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . Atlanta also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Trae , while committing three less turnovers . The Hawks ( 13 - 29 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently . but this was a tough task against a hungry Hawks team . Kevin Huerter led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals on 11 - of - 17 shooting . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 25 points , nine rebounds and two assists . No other player on the roster had more than 16 points , six rebounds or three assists . On deck for Hawks is a home matchup against the Hawks on Sunday . The Hawks ( 13 - 29 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to struggle . Kevin Huerter was the lone bright spot for the Hawks , as he led the team with 29 points , three rebounds and three assists . J.J. Redick was second on the team , totaling 20 points and two assists . No other player on the roster had more than 16 points , six rebounds or three assists . Up next for Atlanta is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 149 - 107 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . The Sixers ( 29 - 16 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 29 - 16 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Tuesday , as Philadelphia jumped out to a 27 - 27 lead after one quarter . However , the visitors battled back in the second and third quarters by outscoring their visitors by a 57 - 49 margin over the second and third periods . Joel Embiid was second on the visitors with a 31 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a block . Jimmy Butler and Ben Simmons followed with matching 19 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block , and the latter supplying four rebounds , four assists and a block . Taj Gibson supplied 10 points , five boards , an assist , a steal and a block . Jeff Teague was a distant second behind Embiid with 19 points , four assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block . J.J. Redick checked in with 15 points , three assists and a steal . Taj Gibson mustered 10 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block , but Jeff Teague could only muster 11 points on 4 - of - 9 shooting . Jeff Teague and Taj Dieng turned in matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding two assists , one rebound and two steals , and the latter supplying five rebounds , an assist and a block . Taj Gibson paced the bench with 10 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The Timberwolves head back home to face the San Antonio Spurs on Friday evening , while the Timberwolves head to the Big Apple to tangle with the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday evening .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 27 - 18 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 30 - 17 ) 117 - 115 on Saturday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . The Thunder got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the 76ers 33 - 33 in the first quarter alone . The Thunder were the superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Sixers went just 40 percent from the floor and a meager 34 percent from beyond the arc . The Thunder were also able to force the Sixers into 39 turnovers , while committing only 10 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Thunder were led by Joel Embiid , who went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 8 - for - 12 from the free throw line to score a game - high of 31 points , while also adding eight rebounds and a blocked shot . Over his last five games , he 's now boasting averages of 28 points , 11 rebounds and 9 assists per game . Russell Westbrook also had a big game , finishing with 21 points ( 8 - 21 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 7 FT ) , 10 rebounds and six assists . He had shot below 40 percent from the field in four out of his last five games coming into Saturday , so it was good to see him get back on track . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Ben Simmons , who came off the bench for 20 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) in 38 minutes . The Sixers ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Monday , while the Sixers will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Monday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Houston Rockets , 121 - 93 , at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . The Sixers ( 31 - 17 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 31 - 17 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Monday , as Philadelphia jumped out to a 26 - 26 first - quarter lead and expanding their advantage to 63 - 44 by halftime . The Sixers were led by a pair of 32 - point efforts from Joel Embiid and Gerald Green . The former added six rebounds , three assists , two steals and three blocks , while the latter supplied two rebounds and two assists . Gerald Green was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 16 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . T.J. McConnell generated 12 points , three assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . Wilson Chandler was productive as a reserve as well with nine points , 14 rebounds and three assists . Joel Embiid 's 32 points led Houston , a total he supplemented with 14 rebounds , two assists , two blocks and two steals . Gerald Green followed with a bench - leading 18 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and two steals . J.J. Redick checked in a rather distant second with 16 points , two rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block . T.J. McConnell provided 12 points , three assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . T.J. McConnell provided 12 points , three assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . James Ennis III led the bench with eight points , four rebounds and two assists . Joel Embiid 's 32 points led Houston , a total he supplemented with 14 rebounds , two assists , two blocks and two steals . Gerald Green was next with a bench - leading 18 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and two steals . T.J. McConnell filled out the stat sheet with 12 points , three rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with nine points , 14 rebounds and three assists . Kenneth Faried matched McConnell 's scoring total and added six rebounds and one steal . Eric Gordon led the second unit with eight points , four rebounds and two assists . The 76ers head back home to face the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday evening , while the Rockets head to the Windy City for a Wednesday night date with the New York - Arena .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 122 - 120 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Sixers ( 32 - 17 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 32 - 17 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Wednesday , as Philadelphia managed a whopping 47 percent success rate from three - point range and also committed 15 turnovers . DeMar DeRozan led the way with 26 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block . Ben Mills finished with 17 points , one rebound and one assist . Rudy Gay was next with 17 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals . Derrick White supplied 15 points , four boards , five assists , two steals and one block . T.J. McConnell supplied 10 points , eight assists , four rebounds , two steals and one block . Marco Belinelli led the second unit with 16 points , one rebound and one assist . DeMar DeRozan 's 26 points led San Antonio , a total he supplemented with three assists , nine rebounds , two steals and one block . Rudy Gay contributed 17 points , three assists , four rebounds and two steals . J.J. Redick turned in 19 points , three assists , three rebounds and one block . Landry generated 14 points , six rebounds , two assists and three steals to lead the bench . Bryn White supplied 14 points , six boards and two assists off the bench as well . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with six points , two rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 33 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one block . Rudy Gay was next with 17 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals . J.J. Redick managed 19 points , three rebounds , three assists and one block . Landry generated 14 points , six rebounds , two assists and three steals off the bench as well . Marco Belinelli led the second unit with 16 points , two rebounds , one assist and one block . T.J. McConnell generated 10 points , eight assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . The Spurs head back home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday evening , while the 76ers head to the Mile High City for a rematch with Denver on Saturday night .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 119 - 107 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . While these are two teams that have struggled this season , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were nine ties and 25 lead changes , as neither team led by more than nine points . The key for Toronto was their defense , as they held Philadelphia to 44 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Philadelphia , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 39 - 16 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Raptors team . Serge Ibaka was the only starter in double figures , as he tallied 37 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Kyle Lowry finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , two rebounds and six assists . Ben Simmons was the only bench player in double figures , as he dropped 14 points . Toronto will look to build off this win on Friday , when they host the Atlanta Hawks for their next game . Philadelphia ( 34 - 20 ) have been playing better recently , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Philadelphia , as he tallied 24 points , seven rebounds , three assists and three steals . Serge Ibaka was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , 10 rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Jimmy Butler accrued 18 points , two rebounds , five assists and two steals . On deck for Toronto is a home matchup versus the Atlanta Nuggets on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Denver Nuggets , 117 - 110 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams trying to achieve a playoff berth , they left it all on the line in this close - fought battle . While there were only six ties and six lead changes in total , neither team led by more than 12 points . The Sixers did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 29 - of - 32 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a big factor for the Sixers as well , winning that battle . 48 - 40 , and doubling up the Nuggets in offensive rebounds . Denver ( 37 - 18 ) have now lost six of their last eight games , as they continue to struggle . J.J. Redick led the team in scoring , dropping 34 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , as he accumulated 22 points , seven rebounds , five assists and three steals in the win . Tobias Harris was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and eight rebounds . Will Barton was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and eight rebounds . Philadelphia will host the Los Angeles Heat on Monday for their next game . The Nuggets ( 37 - 18 ) have now won 12 of their last 10 games , as they continue to struggle on the road . J.J. Redick led Denver in scoring , as he dropped 34 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , as he accumulated 22 points , seven rebounds , five assists and three steals . Joel Embiid was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points , 12 rebounds and four blocks . Philadelphia will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 143 - 120 at Wells Fargo Center on Sunday . The Sixers ( 36 - 20 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from star point guard LeBron James . Kuzma scored a game - high 37 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and nine assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting . His backcourt mate , Tobias Harris , added 22 points , including three three - pointers , to go along with six rebounds , six assists and one block . Joel Embiid was the only other Sixer to tabulate double - digit scoring , totaling 37 points , to go along with 14 rebounds and three assists on 12 - of - 16 shooting . Jimmy Butler added 15 points , four rebounds and three assists in 30 minutes . Kyle Kuzma was the only other Lakers player to score in double figures , as he scored 13 points on 6 - of - 6 shooting in 28 minutes . The Lakers were led by Joel Embiid , who scored a season - high 37 points on 12 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with 14 rebounds in 32 minutes . Tobias Harris was the only other player to score in double figures with 22 points , to go along with six rebounds , while Jimmy Butler added 15 points , three assists and four rebounds . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Lakers host the Atlanta Hawks , while the 76ers host the Atlanta Hawks .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 112 - 109 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . The Celtics ( 36 - 21 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process `` slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Boston jumped out to a 28 - 23 lead after one quarter . However , the Sixers ( 36 - 21 ) found some life in the second half of the game where they outscored the Sixers ( 36 - 21 ) by a 58 - 54 margin over the third and fourth quarters . Boston was led by Gordon Hayward 's 26 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , three assists and one steal . Jimmy Butler followed with 22 points , nine boards and one assist . Jayson contributed a pair of 23 - point efforts , along with eight boards , five assists and four steals . Marcus Morris supplied 17 points , eight boards and two assists . Ben Simmons led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . J.J. Redick was productive in a reserve role as well with 16 points , three rebounds , two assists and one block . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 23 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks . Jimmy Butler was next with a near double - double of 22 points , nine rebounds and an assist . Marcus Morris supplied 17 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Ben Simmons led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Tobias Harris was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 23 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks . Jimmy Butler was next with a near double - double consisting of 22 points , nine rebounds , one assist and one steal . Ben Simmons led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Ben Simmons led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . The Sixers head back home to tangle with the New York Knicks on Wednesday night , while the Celtics remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Miami Heat , 106 - 102 , at Wells Fargo Center on Thursday . The Sixers ( 38 - 21 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 38 - 31 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Thursday , as Dwyane Wade led the way for the visitors with 19 points , six assists , five rebounds , three steals and a block over 21 minutes . Miami was led by Dwyane Wade , who totaled 19 points , six assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block . Jimmy Butler was next with 18 points , six assists , six rebounds and one steal . Boban Marjanovic posted a 19 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a block . Jimmy Butler matched Marjanović point total and added six assists , six rebounds and one steal . Kelly Olynyk was productive in a reserve role as well with 15 points , six rebounds and three assists . Boban Marjanovic supplied 11 points , six rebounds and five assists . Tobias Harris paced Miami with a game - high 23 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds , one assist and one block . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 21 points , along with seven rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Josh Richardson followed with 13 points , five assists , two rebounds , one steal and one block . Hassan Whiteside had a quiet night , generating four points , five rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Hassan Whiteside mustered a modest four points but hauled in five rebounds and recorded a pair of blocks . The Heat continue their trek through the Sunshine State with a visit to the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday night , while the Heat are off until Saturday night when the Detroit Pistons come to town .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 130 - 115 , at Wells Fargo Center on Saturday . Portland was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Blazers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 22 minutes . Shooting was key , with Portland hitting 49 percent from the field and 22 percent from three - point range . Ben Simmons led the way for Philadelphia , as he tallied 29 points and seven rebounds on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Damian Lillard was n't far behind , tallying 17 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Tobias Harris was second on the team , scoring 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . On deck for Portland is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . The Blazers ( 36 - 23 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Ben Simmons was Philly 's best player , as he led the team with 29 points and seven assists on 11 - of - 17 from the field . Enes Kanter finished second on the team , totaling 16 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Al-Farouq Aminu started for Pau Gasol and accrued 16 points , eight rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 44 - 19 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 40 - 23 ) 120 - 117 on Saturday . The Sixers came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but narrowly pulled out a win against the winless Sixers . It was tight throughout , as there were 15 ties and 5 lead changes in total , with no team leading by more than nine points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Warriors recording 23 assists to 13 turnovers , while the 76ers committed 21 turnovers to just 26 assists . The Sixers ( 40 - 23 ) had to play this game without Kevin Durant and Kevin Durant , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to pull out the upset win . Kevin Durant carried the load , as he tallied 34 points , five rebounds and five assists . DeMarcus Cousins struggled mightily , as he tallied 25 points , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocks on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Draymond Green went just 2 - of - 6 from the field , but still finished with six points , nine rebounds and 10 assists . Tobias Harris led the bench with 20 points and nine rebounds . The Warriors ( 44 - 19 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at home . Ben Simmons led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points on 6 - of - 9 from three - point range . Jimmy Butler accumulated 21 points , nine rebounds and two assists . DeMarcus Cousins amassed 25 points and eight rebounds .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Orlando Magic , 114 - 106 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The second quarter was the decisive stretch for the 76ers , as they outscored the Magic , 31 - 30 . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Philadelphia shooting 47 percent , while holding Orlando to just 45 percent on their end . The Sixers ( 41 - 23 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to struggle . Evan Fournier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 25 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Tobias Harris recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 21 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . Jimmy Butler was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 14 points , two rebounds and four assists on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 12 points , 12 rebounds and two steals . Philadelphia will host the Chicago Bulls on Friday for their next game . The 76ers ( 41 - 23 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a feisty Philadelphia team . J.J. Redick led Orlando in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , as he accumulated 14 points , two rebounds , four assists and three steals . Jimmy Butler totaled 14 points , two rebounds , four assists and three steals of his own . No other player on the roster had more than 13 points , five rebounds or four assists . On deck for Orlando is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Indiana Pacers , 106 - 89 , at Wells Fargo Center on Sunday . The Sixers ( 42 - 25 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 42 - 25 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Sunday , as Philadelphia compiled a whopping 59 percent success rate from the field overall . The Sixers ( 42 - 25 ) were particularly dominant on the defensive end , limiting the Pacers to 37 and 31 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Joel Embiid led the way for Philadelphia with a 33 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two steals and a block . Tobias Harris was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Jimmy Butler and Darren Collison followed with matching 12 - point efforts , with the former adding four assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block , and the latter providing six assists , six rebounds and a steal . Doug McDermott was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , two rebounds and a steal . Jimmy Butler paced the Sixers with 12 points , four assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block . Jimmy Butler followed with 12 points , four rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Domantas Sabonis tallied nine points , nine rebounds , three assists and one steal . Myles Turner had a modest six points but hauled in five boards and recorded one assist . The Pacers head back home to tangle with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday evening , while the Pacers remain home to face the New York Knicks on Tuesday evening as well .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 106 - 99 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . The Sixers ( 17 - 25 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process `` slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Philadelphia , which jumped out to a 24 - 12 lead after one quarter , the Cavs ( 17 - 51 ) held the Cavs to just 35 percent shooting from the field and a paltry 34 percent from long range . The Sixers were led by a pair of 26 - point efforts from Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid , with the former adding eight assists , 10 rebounds and a steal , and the latter supplying eight rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Joel Embiid was right behind him with a 17 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also featured five assists , four blocks and a steal . J.J. Redick contributed 17 points , three rebounds , three assists and a block . Jordan Clarkson was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 13 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists . Ben Simmons was productive off the bench as well , with six points , four assists and two rebounds . The Cavs saw Ben Simmons lead the way with 26 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds , eight assists and a steal . J.J. Redick checked in a rather distant second with 17 points , three rebounds , three assists and a block . James Ennis continued his solid play with 12 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block . James Ennis paced the bench with 12 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block . Tobias Harris paced the Cleveland bench with 11 points , nine rebounds and three assists . The Sixers head back home to face off with the Sacramento Kings on Thursday night , while the Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the Orlando Magic on Friday evening as well .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 123 - 114 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the decisive stretch for the 76ers , as they outscored Sacramento , 37 - 31 . Rebounding was also decisive , with Philadelphia winning that battle , 49 - 40 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Kings ( 33 - 35 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Jimmy Butler carried the load , as he tallied 22 points , six rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Harrison Barnes was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , six rebounds and three assists . Willie Cauley-Stein played well off the bench , amassing 13 points and seven rebounds . Philadelphia will play the Milwaukee Bulls on Sunday for their next game . The Kings ( 33 - 35 ) had won 19 - straight headed into this matchup , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . Jimmy Butler led the way for Sacramento , as he accrued 22 points , six rebounds , seven assists , two steals and two steals . Joel Embiid was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 21 points , 19 rebounds , three assists and four blocks . Sacramento will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Boston Celtics , 118 - 115 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Sixers ( 47 - 25 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 47 - 25 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Wednesday , as Joel Embiid led the way with a game - high 37 points , and added six rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block on 12 - of - 29 shooting . The Sixers were paced by Kyrie Irving 's 36 points , which included a 3 - of - 13 tally from three - point range . Jimmy Butler and Al Horford provided matching 22 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds and two assists , and the latter registering six rebounds , four assists and one steal . Ben Simmons was productive in a reserve role as well with 13 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , three steals and two blocks . Terry Rozier was productive in a reserve role as well with 20 points , six boards and one assist . Al Horford supplied 22 points , six rebounds , five assists and one steal . Terry Rozier was next with a bench - leading 20 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds and one assist . Ben Simmons and Ben Simmons supplied matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding eight boards , seven assists , three steals and one block , and the latter dishing out seven assists , hauling in a pair of boards and recording three steals . Ben Simmons led the second unit with 13 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , three blocks and one steal . Terry Rozier was next with 20 points , six rebounds and one assist . Al Horford posted a near double - double of 22 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Ben Simmons led the bench with 13 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , three blocks and three steals . Jimmy Butler paced the Sixers with 22 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Jimmy Butler followed with 22 points , four rebounds and two assists . Terry Rozier was next with a bench - leading 20 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds and one assist . Ben Simmons and Ben Simmons supplied matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding eight boards , seven assists , three steals and one block , and the latter hauling in six boards . Ben Simmons led the second unit with 13 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , three blocks and three steals . The Celtics head back home to tangle with the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night , while the Sixers remain home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 123 - 110 , at Wells Fargo Center on Thursday . The Sixers ( 48 - 27 ) continue to sport the NBA 's worst record , but that has n't deterred them from playing hard in the majority of recent games . Such was the case again Thursday , as Brooklyn battled back from a 59 - 49 halftime deficit to knot matters up at 75 with 50 - 75 on a pair of free throws from Ben Simmons with 16 seconds remaining . However , Joel Embiid had a chance to tie it at the buzzer , and then missed a free throw for the final margin of victory . The Nets were led by Joe Harris ' 22 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and an assist . J.J. Redick contributed 18 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Boban Marjanovic contributed a 16 - point , 3 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal . D'Angelo Russell went for 13 points , eight assists , four rebounds and a steal . Boban Marjanovic paced the Brooklyn bench with 16 points and also supplemented it with three rebounds and an assist . Joe Redick was the only other member of the first unit with double digits in the scoring column , as he supplied 18 points , four boards , three assists , a steal and a block . D'Angelo Russell rounded out the stat sheet with 13 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and a steal . Boban Marjanovic paced the Brooklyn bench with 16 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and an assist . J.J. Redick was the only other member of the starting five with double - digit scoring , totaling 18 points and adding four rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) and Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) were highly productive in reserve roles . Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block ) and Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) were productive in reserve roles . Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , a block and a block ) , Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals ) and Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) were underwhelming in support . Jimmy Butler ( nine points , seven rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block ) was the only other Brooklyn player to manage double - digit scoring , but Spencer Dinwiddie ( six points , 2 - of - 8 shooting ) and Ed Davis ( six points , eight rebounds ) also accomplished the feat . The Nets ( 38 - 38 ) were led by Joe Harris ' 22 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and an assist . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson followed with a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a steal . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 16 points , along with four rebounds , an assist
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 59 - 20 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 49 - 30 ) 128 - 122 in overtime on Thursday . Philadelphia came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Milwaukee was their shooting , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range in their win . Philadelphia shot 45 percent from the field and assisted on 26 of their 42 made baskets . They also dominated the rebounding and turnover differential , as they outrebounded the Sixers 50 - 43 and shot 12 - for - 34 from long distance in their win . The Sixers have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling 76ers team . Joel Embiid had his best game of the season , as he tallied 34 points , 13 rebounds , three assists , two steals and three blocks while shooting 12 - for - 22 from the field . Khris Middleton also played well , as he amassed 22 points , three rebounds and four assists . George Hill was the only other Sixers player in triple - figures , as he amassed 20 points , five assists and five rebounds . The Bucks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Chicago Bulls on Saturday in their next game . Philadelphia has been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've lost five of their last six games . Joel Embiid was the star for Philly , as he tallied 34 points , 13 rebounds , 13 assists and three blocks in the win . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he amassed 22 points , three rebounds and four assists . Mike Scott provided 22 points of his own off the bench . The Bucks will look to keep this going against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Chicago Bulls , 125 - 109 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Sixers ( 51 - 31 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 22 - 31 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Wednesday , as Philadelphia compiled a whopping 67 percent success rate from the field and an equally impressive 46 percent tally from the free - throw line , and 38 percent from three - point range . The Sixers were led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from T.J. McConnell and Boban Marjanovic . Marjanović added eight rebounds , six assists and two blocks , and the latter supplying two rebounds and six assists . Wayne Selden was next with a bench - leading 14 points , along with two rebounds and two assists . Ryan Arcidiacono was a surprise second on the Bulls , registering 17 points , six rebounds , five assists and one steal . Robin Lopez provided 12 points , four rebounds and one assist . Shaquille Monroe submitted 11 points , three rebounds , three assists , two blocks and one steal . The Sixers next head to the Windy City to tangle with the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday evening , while the Sixers head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Sixers on April April . Philadelphia remains home and will face the Los Angeles Bulls on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back set .
Giannis Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton led the way for the Bucks with 25 points each . Antetokounmpo added 15 rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block , in 31 minutes , while Middleton added four rebounds and one assist . Khris Middleton added 23 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , including 5 - of - 9 from long range , along with four rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 22 minutes . Victor Oladipo was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bucks , as he chipped in 12 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting , in 26 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Indiana was Doug McDermott , who chipped in 14 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting , including 4 - of - 6 from long range , in 20 minutes off the bench . The Pacers shot 17 - of - 18 from long range and 19 - of - 27 from the foul line . Victor Oladipo was the high - point man for Indiana with 25 points on 10 - of - 23 shooting , in 31 minutes . The only other players to score in double digits for Indiana were Malcolm Brogdon with 15 , and Malcolm Brogdon finished with 15 points , seven assists , four rebounds and two steals . Eric Bledsoe struggled to find his shot , as he went only 5 - of - 9 from the field , on his way to 12 points , along with seven rebounds , seven assists , two steals and two blocks .
The Milwaukee Bucks took down the visiting New York Knicks on Monday , 124 - 113 . Milwaukee ( 3 - 0 ) has now won four of its last five contests after a horrendous start to the season that had seated them at last in the Eastern Conference . On Monday , the team saw the return of star point guard Eric Bledsoe to a bench role . Middleton had 16 points , four rebounds , and 13 assists on the night . The team also shot impeccably , hitting 48 percent from the field and hitting 42 percent from beyond the arc . The Knicks ( 1 - 10 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 18 - 30 start to the season . On Monday , the Knicks showed the intensity that led them to their playoff push , out - rebounding the Bucks by seven and coming away with 14 forced turnovers . Center Giannis Antetokounmpo led the team with 31 points while also pulling down 15 rebounds and dishing out four assists . The Bucks will host the Heat on Wednesday , while the Knicks will visit Miami on Wednesday . Milwaukee will look to get their first win of the season on Wednesday as they travel to Philadelphia to take on the league - worst Heat . Meanwhile , the Knicks will enjoy a few days of rest as they prepare for a home game against the league - best Golden State Heat ( 54 - 5 ) for the second of a back - to - back on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 123 - 108 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Bucks ( 4 - 0 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Sixers ( 2 - 3 ) , managing a 41 percent success rate from the field and eliciting 16 turnovers from their hosts as well . Joel Embiid led the way for Milwaukee with 30 points , 19 rebounds , six assists , three steals and three blocks . Khris Middleton tallied 25 points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Brook Lopez was next with 21 points , one rebound , one assist and two blocks . Dario Saric filled out the stat sheet with 9 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Robert Covington matched Lopez 's point total and added seven rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Malcolm Brogdon managed nine points , three assists and three rebounds . Mike Muscala led the second unit with eight points , four rebounds and one assist . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 30 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and three blocks . Khris Middleton matched Simmons 's point total and added four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Dario Saric was next with a bench - leading 15 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and one steal . Eric Bledsoe tallied 18 points , four assists , seven rebounds , one steal and one block . Malcolm Brogdon managed nine points , three assists and three rebounds . The Sixers next head to Philadelphia to take on the Hornets on Saturday night , while the Bucks remain home to face the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday evening .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 16 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , to go along with nine rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 21 minutes . Khris Middleton followed up with 18 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 32 minutes , while Malcolm Brogdon chipped in 16 points . Brook Lopez was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bucks , as he finished with 11 points . Meanwhile , the Magic struggled from the field , shooting 33 percent , including 10 - of - 43 from long range . The Bucks now have a quick turnaround as they will travel to take on the Raptors on Tuesday , in what will be the second night of a back - to - back . Meanwhile , the Bucks ( 2 - 4 ) were led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who finished with 21 points , seven rebounds and one block , in 19 minutes . Khris Middleton added 18 points on 4 - of - 9 shooting , including 2 - of - 4 from long range , along with seven rebounds . Eric Bledsoe struggled shooting , going 2 - of - 7 from the field and finished with six points , four assists , four rebounds and one block , in 22 minutes . Brook Lopez did his best to keep the Magic in the game , as he finished with 11 points on 4 - of - 5 shooting , along with two rebounds and two blocks , in 17 minutes .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the host Toronto Raptors , 124 - 109 , at Barclay 's Center on Monday . Milwaukee was expected to win this game easily , but Milwaukee fought back for a huge road win . The Bucks really turned it on in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Raptors , 29 - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Milwaukee recording 28 assists to 17 turnovers , while Toronto committed 10 turnovers to just 25 assists . The Bucks ( 7 - 0 ) continue to fly under the radar and they may have pulled out their biggest win of the season against the Raptors here . Eric Bledsoe did all he could for Toronto , as he led the team with 17 points , two rebounds and eight assists . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , providing nine points , six rebounds and 15 assists . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 17 points , five rebounds and three assists . Milwaukee will be in action again on Tuesday , when they take on the Philadelphia 76ers . The Bucks ( 7 - 0 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Toronto , as they had six players score at least 14 points . Ersan Ilyasova led the team in scoring , totaling 19 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Eric Bledsoe was second on the team , as he accrued 17 points , two rebounds and eight assists in just 25 minutes of action . Jonas Valanciunas was second on the team , providing 22 points and eight rebounds . Toronto will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday for their next game .
Very little separated these teams in the box score , as they stayed close all evening long . Ball movement was key for Milwaukee , as they assisted on nearly 75 percent of their made baskets . Giannis Antetokounmpo continues his great play , as he recorded his first triple - double of the season , as he collected 26 points , 15 rebounds and 11 assists . Buddy Hield was second on the team , as he scored 19 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting . The Bucks ( 8 - 1 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Justin Fox was fantastic , as he scored a game - high 22 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , while also adding six rebounds and six assists . Eric Bledsoe went 6 - of - 11 from the field to accrue 17 points , six rebounds and four steals . Buddy Hield had one of his best games of the season , collecting 19 points and four rebounds on 8 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Kings is a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday . The Bucks ( 8 - 1 ) have now lost four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Justin İlyasova led the team in scoring , as he dropped 15 points , four rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 7 shooting off the bench . Eric Bledsoe led the starters in scoring , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and three steals . Buddy Hield was second on the team , as he scored 19 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 116 - 113 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Bucks to 51 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing five less turnovers . The Bucks ( 10 - 4 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bucks is just what they need to get going . Marc Gasol was the player of the game , as he led the team with 29 points , nine rebounds and four assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Mike Conley finished second on the team , totaling 26 points , four rebounds and four assists . Shelvin Mack was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 15 points , six rebounds and five assists . Shelvin Mack was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , six rebounds and five assists . Memphis will look to build off this win on Friday in a road matchup versus the Sacramento Kings . Milwaukee ( 10 - 4 ) has been playing some great ball recently , but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team . Giannis Antetokounmpo once again carried the load , as he led the team with 29 points , nine rebounds and four assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Mike Conley was n't far behind , tallying 26 points , two rebounds and four assists . Shelvin Mack was the only other player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , six rebounds and five assists . Memphis will look to build off this win on Friday in a road matchup versus the Sacramento Kings .
Eric Bledsoe poured in a game - high 25 points , on 10 - of - 13 shooting , to go along with six assists , four rebounds , three steals and one block , in 30 minutes . Justin Holiday followed up with 20 points , four assists , three steals and three rebounds , in 29 minutes off the bench , while Brook Lopez chipped in 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , including 4 - of - 0 from deep . The only other player to score in double figures for Chicago was Malcolm Brogdon , who chipped in 13 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Six players scored in double digits for the Bulls , led by Jabari Parker , who finished with 21 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting , along with eight rebounds and three assists , in 33 minutes . Justin Holiday came up big off the bench , with 20 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , including 2 - of - 9 from long range , in 29 minutes off the bench . Brook Lopez was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bucks , as he chipped in 14 points , to go along with five rebounds and two blocks . The Bulls shot 44 percent from the field and only 9 - of - 33 from long range . They now look ahead to their next contest , which takes place in Toronto on Saturday , when they take on the Raptors in Toronto .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Denver Nuggets , 104 - 98 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Milwaukee were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Bucks outscored the Nuggets , 32 - 21 , in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Milwaukee , as they held Denver to 43 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bucks recording five more assists than the Nuggets , while committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 12 - 4 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Nuggets is just what they need to get going . Eric Bledsoe did all he could for Denver , as he led the team with 23 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals . Jamal Murray was the only other starter with more than four points , as he tallied 17 points , eight rebounds and nine assists . Malcolm Brogdon finished with 13 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Denver 's next game will be on Wednesday against the Portland Trail Blazers . The Nuggets ( 10 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the team in scoring , accruing 29 points , 12 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Eric Bledsoe finished second on the team , accruing 23 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals . Malcolm Brogdon was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 13 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Portland Trail Blazers .
Giannis Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton led the way for the Bucks with 22 points each . Antetokounmpo added 16 rebounds and nine assists , while Middleton added seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . C.J . McCollum finished with 22 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , to go along with an assist and one assist . Jusuf Nurkic went 6 - of - 8 from the field , on his way to 16 points , six rebounds and three steals , in 21 minutes . Meanwhile , Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Portland with 33 points on 13 - of - 20 shooting , and 16 rebounds , in 29 minutes . Three other players scored in double digits for the Blazers , including Malcolm Brogdon , who chipped in 16 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 22 minutes off the bench . The Trail Blazers shot 37 percent from the field and 22 percent from long range , but struggled from the free throw line , hitting 14 - of - 17 in the loss . Next , the Blazers will head to Golden State to take on the Warriors on Friday . Meanwhile , this marks the fourth loss in a row for the Blazers , who are now one game ahead of the ninth - place Pistons and two games ahead of the second - place Raptors . Damian Lillard led Portland in scoring , with 22 points , five assists and four rebounds , in 30 minutes . Eric Bledsoe added 16 points , five assists and six rebounds , while Jusuf Nurkic added 16 points and eight rebounds .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks , 116 - 114 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . It 's rare to see Milwaukee dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Phoenix . The Suns actually led by nine after the first quarter and never relinquished the lead from there . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Suns shooting 50 percent , while the Bucks could n't crack 48 percent . Phoenix also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing six less turnovers . The Bucks ( 13 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bucks is just what they need to get going . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , four rebounds and seven assists . T.J. Warren finished second on the team , totaling 19 points and five rebounds . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he dropped 17 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Milwaukee will be off until Sunday , when they play the San Antonio Spurs on the road for their next game . Milwaukee ( 13 - 14 ) has been playing some great ball recently , but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team . Brook Lopez did all he could for Milwaukee , as he led the team with 35 points , 10 rebounds and three assists on 3 - of - 17 shooting . T.J. Warren finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , five rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Trevor Ariza accumulated 13 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and two steals . Phoenix will host the Detroit Pistons on Saturday for their next game .
Statistics are a strange thing and they 're even more bizarre when looking at this box score . The Spurs actually won the shooting percentage , rebounding battle , fastbreak points , points in the paint and assist - to - turnover ratio differentials , despite losing the game . No team led by more than two points , but there were only five ties and four lead changes . DeMar DeRozan once again carried the Spurs , as he tallied 34 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Khris Middleton totaled 21 points , four rebounds and two steals . LaMarcus Aldridge totaled 15 points and three rebounds . DeMar DeRozan led the Spurs in scoring , collecting 34 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Eric Bledsoe finished with 20 points and 10 assists . LaMarcus Aldridge scored 15 points , grabbing three rebounds on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Dāvis Davis Bertans came off the bench to provide 17 points and six rebounds . San Antonio ( 9 - 10 ) has been playing much better recently , but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team . LaMarcus Aldridge once again carried the load , as he led the team with 34 points and 18 rebounds . Bryn Forbes finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , two rebounds and two assists . LaMarcus Aldridge scored 15 of his own . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 15 points and three rebounds . Up next for San Antonio is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 116 - 113 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Bulls were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Bucks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 34 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Bucks , as they held the Bulls to 45 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Bucks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 15 - 6 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . Jabari Parker was the player of the game , as he led the team with 24 points and eight rebounds on 9 - of - 21 from the field . Zach LaVine was second on the team , totaling 24 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . Robin Lopez was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 17 points , five rebounds and two steals . Ryan Arcidiacono was the only bench player in double figures , as he dropped 22 points , five rebounds and four assists . Chicago 's next game will be on Friday , when they host the Detroit Pistons . Milwaukee ( 5 - 17 ) has been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he collected 36 points , 11 rebounds , eight assists and two steals . Zach LaVine was second on the team , totaling 24 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . Robin Lopez provided 17 points , five rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 10 shooting . The Bulls will play the Detroit Pistons on Saturday for their next game .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Detroit Pistons , 115 - 92 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . This game meant much more to the Bucks than the Bucks and they were lucky to escape with a win . The second quarter was the only quarter that Milwaukee lost , as they won that quarter , 26 - 24 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Milwaukee recording five more assists than the Pistons , while committing nine less turnovers . The Bucks ( 16 - 7 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pistons is just what they need to get going . Eric Bledsoe led the way for Detroit , as he tallied 27 points , three rebounds , four assists and three steals . Giannis Antetokounmpo was n't far behind , collecting 15 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 14 points , six rebounds and two assists . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Friday . The Pistons ( 13 - 9 ) have now won 20 - straight games , as they continue to rise in the standings . Blake Griffin led the way for Milwaukee , as he collected 31 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Reggie Jackson was n't far behind , as he tallied 15 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond was the only other Detroit player in double figures , totaling 10 points and eight rebounds . Milwaukee will return to action on Friday in a road matchup with the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Milwaukee Bucks 105 - 95 at Spectrum Center on Friday . The Warriors ( 18 - 9 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way with 22 points , 15 rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Stephen Curry added 20 points , eight assists and four rebounds on a lights out 7 - of - 17 shooting , while Malcolm Brogdon led the starters with 15 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks in scoring with 22 points , to go along with 15 rebounds , five assists , two blocks and two steals on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Khris Middleton added 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , while Malcolm Brogdon led the Bucks with 15 points , seven rebounds and three assists off the bench . The Warriors were led in scoring by Klay Thompson , who finished with 20 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , including four treys , to go along with six assists and four rebounds . Eric Bledsoe was the only other Warriors scorer to score in double figures , as he finished with 14 points , four assists and four rebounds . Next up , the Warriors play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday , while the Bucks visit the Toronto Raptors on Monday . The Bucks begin a three - game road trip Monday against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 108 - 92 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . The Bucks ( 18 - 8 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Cavaliers ( 6 - 21 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Eric Bledsoe for the second straight night . Malcolm Brodgon matched Bledsoe 's scoring total and added five assists and five rebounds . Larry Nance , Jr. and Malcolm Brogdon contributed matching 11 - point efforts to lead the Bucks . The bench was led by a pair of 11 - point efforts from Malcolm Blossomgame and Sterling , while Tristan Thompson supplied an 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double off the bench . The Bucks were also able to post a solid 44 percent success rate from the field overall while limiting the Cavaliers to just 38 percent shooting . Cleveland was led by Eric Bledsoe 's 20 points , which he supplemented with five assists and a steal . Malcolm Brogdon continued his rapid development , as he managed 18 points , five assists and five boards , with only three turnovers . Tristan Thompson was next with a bench - leading 12 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds and a steal . Matthew Dellavedova registered 11 points , four assists and two rebounds . Brook Lopez had a quiet night by his standards , registering 12 points , four rebounds , an assist and three blocks . Brook Lopez 's 12 points led the Bucks , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , an assist and three blocks . The Cavs head back home to face the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night , while the Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the New York Knicks on Wednesday evening as well .
Very little separated these teams in the box score , as they stayed close all evening long . Ball movement was key for Milwaukee , as they assisted on nearly 69 percent of their made - pointers . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Milwaukee , as he accrued 25 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Malcolm Brogdon was a huge spark off the bench , providing 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Anthony Davis was the star of the night though , scoring 27 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting to go along with 11 rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Jrue Holiday was a huge spark off the bench , as he accumulated 25 points , five rebounds , 12 assists and two steals . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , totaling 25 points , five rebounds and 12 assists . Anthony Davis led the way for Milwaukee , as he accrued 27 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 25 points , five rebounds and 12 assists . Jrue Holiday totaled 25 points , five rebounds and 12 assists . On deck for New Orleans is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday . The Bucks ( 21 - 9 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , accumulating 25 points , eight rebounds , eight assists , two steals and two blocks . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 25 points , five rebounds and 12 assists .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the New York Knicks , 112 - 96 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Bucks took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Milwaukee winning that quarter , 29 - 20 . Shooting was the key , as the Bucks shot 45 percent , while holding the Knicks to just 37 percent from the field . Free-throw shooting was decisive as well , with the Bucks going just 11 - of - 16 , while the Bucks went 17 - of - 16 . The Knicks ( 9 - 27 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load , as he tallied 31 points , 14 rebounds , eight assists and four blocks . Khris Middleton was n't far behind , accumulating 25 points , six rebounds and five assists of his own . Noah Vonleh finished with 12 points and six rebounds on 4 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Knicks is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Saturday . Milwaukee ( 24 - 10 ) had lost six - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , collecting 31 points , 14 rebounds and eight assists . Khris Middleton started at point guard and totaled 25 points , six rebounds and five assists . Noah Vonleh came off the bench to provide 12 points and six rebounds .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 129 - 115 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . The Nets ( 17 - 21 ) came in to Saturday 's contest with a dubious road record , as they 'd managed to only secure three wins in nine tries away from home . However , a standout effort from Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks ( 25 - 10 ) to the tune of a season - high 31 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds , 10 assists , three steals and three blocks . The Nets also saw standout play from their own big man , as they posted respective success rates of 49 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The Bucks ( 17 - 21 ) were led by Shabazz Napier , who posted a career - high 32 points , along with seven assists , four rebounds and a steal . Khris Middleton tallied 29 points , seven assists , four rebounds and a steal . DeMarre Carroll supplied 18 points , five rebounds and four assists . DeMarre Carroll supplied 18 points , five boards and four assists . Joe Harris led the bench with 15 points , two rebounds and two assists . Joe Harris was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points , two assists and two rebounds . Kenneth Faried posted a 21 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one steal and one block . Brook Lopez managed 24 points , two rebounds , one steal and one block . Malcolm Brogdon posted 18 points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal . Spencer Dinwiddie led the bench with 10 points , three rebounds , five assists and one steal . Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , three rebounds , five assists and one steal . The Nets head back home to tangle with the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday evening , while the Nets head to Milwaukee to face the Pelicans on Tuesday night .
The Bucks ( 26 - 10 ) held on to beat the Pistons ( 16 - 19 ) 121 - 98 in Milwaukee on Tuesday . Milwaukee , which trailed by eight entering the fourth quarter , clawed back behind a monster game from Blake Griffin , who scored 29 points in the second half and overtime period combined . Griffin finished with 29 points , nine rebounds , four assists , one steal , and a block in 33 minutes of action . Reggie Jackson added 19 points off the bench , and Eric Bledsoe chipped in 18 to go with four rebounds and six assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo contributed 15 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , and three blocks in 26 minutes . Blake Griffin led the Pistons with 29 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt ) , nine rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block in 33 minutes . Reggie Jackson contributed 19 points ( 8 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) , two rebounds and three assists in 22 minutes . Malcolm Brogdon scored 13 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , to go with five assists and one rebound in 16 minutes . George Hill had eight points ( 3 - 4 FG ) , four assists and three rebounds in 19 minutes . Brook Lopez led the Bucks in scoring with 25 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 7 - 12 3Pt ) , to go with three rebounds , one steal and two blocks in 30 minutes . Khris Middleton had 22 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) , five rebounds and two assists in 27 minutes . Andre Drummond contributed 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) , seven rebounds and one assist in 26 minutes . The Bucks are currently fifth in the Eastern Conference , 0 games behind the eighth - place Nets . The Bucks have swept the season series with the Pistons 3 - 1 .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 144 - 112 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . It 's rare to see Atlanta dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Milwaukee . The Bucks actually led by at least 19 points for the entirety of the second half , as the final 14 - point margin was their largest lead of the game . Milwaukee was lights - out from the field , shooting 55 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , despite committing eight less turnovers . The Hawks ( 27 - 10 ) have been one of the best teams in the NBA over recent weeks and a road win in Atlanta just adds to their impressive resume ' . Their offense was a huge performance , as they shot 55 percent from the field and assisted on 36 of their 55 made baskets . Their defense was n't bad either , as they held Atlanta to 44 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . Paul Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , accumulating 16 points , eight rebounds and 10 assists on 6 - of - 8 from the field . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , eight rebounds and 10 assists . Dewayne Dedmon started at center and totaled 12 points and eight rebounds .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 123 - 116 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Milwaukee dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 45 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Milwaukee to 49 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 14 turnovers . The Raptors ended up shooting 51 percent from the field , while holding the Bucks to 49 percent . Milwaukee also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing six less turnovers . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks with 43 points , 18 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Fred VanVleet was second on the team , providing 21 points , five rebounds and eight assists off the bench . Eric Bledsoe finished with 14 points , three rebounds and eight assists , while Khris Middleton totaled 14 points , two rebounds and nine assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , collecting 43 points , 18 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Serge Ibaka totaled 25 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 15 points , three assists and two blocks . On deck for the Raptors is a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Sunday . The Bucks ( 27 - 11 ) have now lost four of their last five , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Milwaukee , as he collected 30 points , seven rebounds , six assists and five steals . Pascal Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 25 points and nine rebounds . Eric Bledsoe accumulated 14 points , three rebounds and eight assists as well . On deck for Toronto is a home matchup against the Indiana Jazz on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Utah Jazz , 114 - 102 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . It 's rare to see Utah dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Milwaukee . The Bucks actually dominated the rebounding , as they lost that battle , 46 - 46 . Free-throw shooting really killed Utah , as they went just 16 - of - 23 from the charity stripe . The Bucks ( 28 - 11 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Jazz is just what the doctor ordered . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Rudy Gobert was a monster down low , accumulating 14 points , 15 rebounds , three assists and two steals on 4 - of - 8 shooting . Malcolm Brogdon finished with 21 points , five rebounds and five assists of his own . Utah 's next game will be a tough one , as they host the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . Milwaukee ( 28 - 11 ) had a tough task here against one of the best offenses ever , but they put on a show in the game of the season . Giannis Gobert was the catalyst of the offense , as he tallied 30 points , 10 rebounds and two blocks in the loss . Rudy Lopez was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , eight rebounds and three blocks . Malcolm Brogdon led the starters with 21 points , five rebounds and five assists . Utah will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Houston Rockets for their next game .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Miami Heat , 124 - 86 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . It 's rare to see Miami dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Milwaukee . The Bucks actually led by 11 after the first quarter and never relinquished the lead from there . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Bucks shooting 50 percent , while the Heat could n't crack 42 percent . The Bucks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Miami , while committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 31 - 12 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Miami , accumulating 17 points , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and two steals . No other player on the roster had more than 11 points , five rebounds or five assists . Eric Bledsoe was the player of the game , as he accumulated 17 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Giannis Antetokounmpo recorded a triple - triple , collecting 12 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists and three steals . Miami 's next game will be on Friday , when they host the Detroit Pistons . Milwaukee ( 31 - 12 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he collected 12 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists and three steals . Justise Winslow was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , five rebounds and five assists . Malcolm Brown led the bench in scoring , as he provided 16 points and two rebounds . The Heat will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 116 - 106 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . The Mavericks ( 20 - 26 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Bucks ( 34 - 12 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Monday , as Milwaukee jumped out to a 26 - 26 first - quarter lead and never relinquished the lead after that . Milwaukee was led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from Eric Bledsoe and Giannis Antetokounmpo , with the former adding five assists , four rebounds and two steals , and the latter hauling in 11 boards and dishing out 10 assists . Eric Bledsoe was right behind him with 21 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals . Dorian Finney-Smith and Wesley Middleton were next with matching 16-points efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block , and the latter providing five rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Malcolm Brogdon was productive as a reserve as well with 19 points , two assists , four rebounds , five steals and a block . Malcolm Brogdon went for 19 points , five assists , three rebounds and a block . DeAndre Jordan posted a 15 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and two blocks . The Bucks now head to the Lone Star State to take on the Clippers on Tuesday night , while the Bucks remain home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Friday evening .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 108 - 99 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . It 's rare to see Charlotte dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Milwaukee . The Bucks actually led by at least 15 points for the entirety of the second half , as the final 15 - point margin was their largest lead of the game . Milwaukee was lights out from the field , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 87 percent from the free - throw line and 19 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was the key for the Bucks , as they won that battle , 46 - 53 . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 34 points , 14 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 16 points and seven rebounds on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Nicolas Batum was the catalyst for Milwaukee , as he accumulated 19 points , six rebounds and three assists . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 19 points , six rebounds and three assists . Milwaukee 's next game will be a tough one , as they host the New York Knicks on Monday . Milwaukee ( 35 - 12 ) have been dominant at home all season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Giannis Antetokounmpo once again carried the load , as he tallied 34 points , 14 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was second on the team , with 16 points and seven rebounds . Brook Lopez made his return from a knee injury to accrue 8 points , four rebounds and two assists . Milwaukee will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday for their next game .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 55 - 148 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Wizards have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Bucks holding a double - digit lead for the final three quarters . Shooting was key , as the Bucks hit 60 percent of their shots , while holding the Bucks to 60 percent from the field . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Washington , despite committing six less turnovers . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks with 43 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals . Eric Bledsoe accumulated 22 points , six rebounds and 11 assists . Tomas Satoransky recorded a 16 - point , 7 - rebound double - double off the bench as the only other Bucks player in double figures . The Wizards ( 22 - 32 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . Bradley Beal led Milwaukee in scoring , as he tallied 30 points , eight rebounds , four assists , three steals and two blocks . Jeff Green was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , four rebounds and three assists . No other player on the roster had more than 11 points , four rebounds or three assists . Bradley Beal led Washington in scoring , as he amassed 30 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Jeff Green was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 22 points , four rebounds and three assists .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 103 - 83 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Milwaukee dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Orlando . The Magic actually led by 17 at times in their win and never relinquished the lead , pulling out a wire - to - wire win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor , with Orlando going just 15 - of - 18 from the charity stripe , while Milwaukee went 15 - of - 18 . The Magic also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing five less turnovers . The Bucks ( 41 - 14 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Jonathan Isaac was the player of the game , as he collected 17 points , six rebounds and two steals . Terrence Ross was second on the team , providing 15 points and four rebounds off the bench . Khris Middleton totaled 11 points , 12 rebounds and four steals . Jonathan Isaac was the lone starter to play well , as he amassed 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Milwaukee will look to keep rolling on Monday in a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks . Milwaukee ( 41 - 32 ) had to play this game without Nikola Mirotic and it clearly hurt their offense . Eric Bledsoe did all he could to keep the Bucks hanging around , as he accumulated 19 points , 11 rebounds and five assists in the defeat . Brook Lopez was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled nine points and five rebounds . Milwaukee 's next game is on Monday , when they play the Chicago Bulls on the road .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 44 - 14 ) beat the Boston Celtics ( 37 - 22 ) 98 - 97 on Thursday . Milwaukee came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Kyrie Irving was the star of the game , as he tallied 22 points , one rebound and five assists in the win . Al Horford also played well , as he accumulated 21 points , 17 rebounds , five assists , two steals and three blocks in the win . The Bucks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Chicago Bulls on Saturday in their next game . Milwaukee has been playing some great ball as of late and they appear unbeatable at home . They are now 19 - 4 at the Palace and they continue to rise in the standings . Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his good form , as he tallied 30 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two blocks in the defeat . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he amassed 15 points , 13 rebounds and four assists in the win . This is a dangerous team in the East going forward and they look like a threat to make the playoffs and possibly win a game in the postseason for the first time in 15 years . They 'll look to keep up the form against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back set . Milwaukee has been one of the surprises of the NBA and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Boston , as they had three players score at least 15 points . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the team with 30 points and also snatched down 13 rebounds in the win . Khris Middleton also continued his scoring ways , as he recorded a career - high 15 points in the win . Up next for Milwaukee is a matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 45 - 14 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 28 - 31 ) 140 - 128 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Bucks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Bucks held the Timberwolves to 49 percent shooting and forced them to commit 10 turnovers . The Bucks ended up shooting 53 percent from the field , while holding the Timberwolves to just 49 percent on their end . The Bucks have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Bucks team . Giannis Antetokounmpo led Minnesota with 27 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists . Nikola Mirotic was a huge spark off the bench , as he amassed 17 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the victory . Milwaukee 's next game will be even tougher , as they host the Sacramento Kings on Monday in their next game . The Timberwolves came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 23 points . Derrick Rose was the star of the game , as he tallied 23 points , two rebounds and four assists in the victory . Taj Gibson also played well , as he amassed 20 points , six rebounds and three steals in the defeat . The Wolves will look to keep this momentum going against the Chicago Bulls on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 49 - 16 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 42 - 24 ) 117 - 98 on Thursday . Milwaukee came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Milwaukee was their shooting , as they shot 50 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range in their win . Milwaukee also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 52 - 40 and outscored the Pacers in the paint , 26 - 6 . The Bucks actually dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 40 boards to the Pacers 40 . Milwaukee had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he tallied 29 points , 17 rebounds and five assists in the win . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he amassed 27 points , two rebounds , four assists and three steals . The Bucks will look to keep the momentum going on Saturday against the Charlotte Hornets in their next game . Indiana did n't play their best game on Thursday , but they did a great job of hanging around and pulling out a big road win . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game Thursday , as he tallied 29 points , 12 rebounds and three assists in the win . Khris Middleton also played well , as he amassed 27 points , four rebounds and four assists . Indiana will look to bounce back on Sunday against the Philadelphia 76ers in their next game .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 50 - 16 ) blew out the Charlotte Hornets ( 30 - 36 ) 131 - 114 on Saturday . Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his ridiculous streak of play . He had 26 points , 13 rebounds , six assists , one steal , and one block in 37 minutes . He also had one rebound , six assists , one steal , one block and two three - pointers in 17 minutes . Rookie Nicolas Batum also put up a nice line of 14 points , eight rebounds and four assists in 36 minutes . The Bucks shot 49 percent from the field , and 87 percent from the free - throw line . Brook Lopez was the lone bright spot for the Hornets , putting up 25 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two blocks , and one steal in 35 minutes . The Bucks will go on the road to face the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday . Charlotte has lost four straight , and with Derrick Favors ( knee ) expected to miss at least the next four weeks , it 's getting hard to find reasons to think the Hornets could climb back into the playoff conversation this season . George Hill has missed the last three games with an ankle injury . He was targeting a return for this game but was not able to return . Kemba Walker returned to the lineup after sitting out the previous game , finishing with a team - high 11 points and five assists in 27 minutes . The Hornets will host the Houston Rockets on Sunday .
The Bucks ( 36 - 25 ) held off the Bucks ( 52 - 18 ) in a 26 - 125 win on Sunday . Giannis Embiid led the way with a double - double of his own , posting 40 points and 15 rebounds in 35 minutes . Jimmy Butler added 27 points of his own , shooting 8 - for - 16 from the field . He also contributed six rebounds , three assists , and three steals . Tobias Harris played 34 minutes and had 12 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Pau Lopez was the only other Bucks starter to score in double figures , putting up 14 points on 4 - of - 11 shooting and four rebounds in 36 minutes . Eric Bledsoe struggled from the field , shooting just 5 - of - 14 from the field en route to scoring 12 points and adding six assists in 33 minutes . Tobias Harris ( 12 ) , Tobias Harris ( 12 ) and Eric Bledsoe ( 12 ) all scored in double figures , while J.J. Redick scored 19 points in 28 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Bucks will head home Tuesday to take on the Bucks , while the Bucks will travel to Los Angeles Tuesday to play the Lakers . Milwaukee will hope to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they travel to Charlotte to take on the 15 - Tuesday Lakers in the second of back - to - back road trip . Milwaukee has been one of the darlings of the NBA so far this season .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 53 - 18 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 31 - 40 ) 115 - 101 at the AT & T Center in a clash of two of the best teams in the Western Conference this season . After a tight first half the Lakers were able to hold a four - point lead heading into the fourth quarter , but the Bucks ( 53 - 40 ) elected to run away with the game in the third period , outscoring the Lakers 38 - 26 in the period . Eric Bledsoe hit a three - pointer to tie the game at 101 with just over :10 remaining in the second overtime . Eric Bledsoe hit a three - pointer to give Milwaukee the one - point lead and time seal the victory . Caldwell-Pope led the Lakers with a game - high 35 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting , three rebounds , one assist and a stellar 3 - of - 14 from deep . Four other players scored in double digits for the Bucks , including Eric Bledsoe , who finished with 14 points , eight rebounds and seven assists , in 24 minutes , while Nikola Mirotic added 23 points of his own , along with five rebounds and three assists . As a team , the Bucks shot 46 percent from the field and dished 25 assists . They now look ahead to Friday when they play host to the Cavaliers on the second night of a back - to - back . Meanwhile , the Lakers will have a few days off before taking on the Cavaliers in Cleveland on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 54 - 19 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 35 - 37 ) 116 - 87 on Friday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Bucks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Heat held the Heat to 38 percent shooting and forced them to commit 9 turnovers . The Bucks ended up shooting 51 percent from the field , while holding the Heat to just 38 percent shooting . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he tallied 27 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , two steals and two blocks in the win . Khris Middleton also had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 18 points , eight rebounds and 10 assists in just 25 minutes of action . Brook Lopez did all he could to keep the Heat hanging around , as he tallied 14 points , eight rebounds and three assists in the defeat . Up next for the Heat is a date with the Washington Wizards on Saturday . Milwaukee is now 5 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . Hassan Whiteside was the star of the show , as he totaled 14 points and nine rebounds in just 28 minutes of action . Brook Lopez also played well , as he amassed 10 points , eight rebounds and three assists . The Heat will look to keep this going against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 55 - 19 ) beat the Cavaliers ( 36 - 40 ) 127 - 83 on Sunday in Milwaukee . The Bucks seized control of this game from the very start , opening up a 27 - 36 lead after the first quarter and never looked back . All five starters scored in double figures for the Bucks ( 55 - 19 ) , as Kevin Love led the way with a double - double of 20 points and 19 rebounds in 31 minutes . Four other Milwaukee players scored in double figures in the losing effort , with Jordan Clarkson leading the way with 19 points , Jordan Clarkson added 19 points of his own , while Brook Lopez added 14 points , six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block in 21 minutes of action . For the Cavaliers , Kevin Love led the way in the losing effort , recording a double - double of 20 points ( 8 - 21 FG ) and 19 rebounds in 31 minutes . After struggling to only two points on Friday , it was good to see him get back on track Sunday . Larry Nance Jr. added a solid line of his own , scoring 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) to go with four rebounds , three assists and three steals in 30 minutes . Khris Middleton also posted 17 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds , three assists and two steals in 32 minutes . The Cavs ' next game will be on the road against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday , while the Cavaliers will be at home against the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 56 - 19 ) took care of the Houston Rockets ( 47 - 28 ) in a 108 - 94 victory on Tuesday . This was a lopsided matchup coming in and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Bucks pulled out the wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 41 minutes . Houston shot 45 percent from the field , while Houston shot just 36 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Milwaukee recording eight more assists and the same amount of turnovers as the Rockets . The Bucks ( 56 - 19 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Houston , accumulating 23 points , three rebounds and seven assists . C.J . Middleton was n't far behind , totaling 14 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals . Clint Capela recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 17 points and 11 rebounds . On deck for Houston is a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday . The Bucks ( 56 - 19 ) have now lost five of their last six games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . James Harden led Houston in scoring , as he collected 23 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo was n't far behind , accumulating 19 points , four rebounds and four assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , amassing 17 points , 11 rebounds and two blocks . On deck for the Bucks is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 57 - 19 ) took care of the Los Angeles Clippers ( 45 - 31 ) in a 128 - 118 win on Thursday . This game meant much more to the Bucks than Clippers and they were lucky to escape with a win . The first quarter was the difference in the game , as the Bucks outscored the Clippers , 39 - 21 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , with Milwaukee recording 25 assists to just eight turnovers , while Los Angeles committed 11 turnovers to just 26 assists . The Clippers ( 45 - 31 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load , as he tallied 34 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals . JaMychal Green was second on the team with 16 points and eight rebounds on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Danilo Gallinari went just 3 - of - 9 from the field , but finished second on the team with 14 points and eight rebounds . Montrezl Harrell was huge off the bench , totaling 13 points and five rebounds on 6 - of - 12 from the field . The Clippers ( 45 - 19 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Khris Middleton continued his barrage , as he led the team with 39 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo was n't far behind , collecting 34 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Eric Bledsoe finished with 15 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . On deck for the Bucks is a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 40 - 40 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 59 - 21 ) 133 - 128 on Saturday . The Nets came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from Brook Lopez to steal a win . The key for the Nets was the three - point shooting , as Brooklyn went 19 - for - 45 , with the Bucks going just 16 - for - 34 . Milwaukee did dominate down low though , as they scored a season - high 70 points in the paint , while outrebounding the Nets 50 to 43 . The Nets bench was huge too , as they outscored the Bucks bench 71 - 25 . The Bucks ( 59 - 21 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Bucks team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Eric Bledsoe did all he could to keep the Bucks hanging around , as he accumulated 33 points , four rebounds and 11 assists in the defeat . Caris LeVert was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 14 points and six rebounds . Joe Harris led the bench in scoring , dropping 14 points , six rebounds and an assist . The Nets will host the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday for their next game . The Bucks ( 59 - 21 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . D'Angelo Russell did all he could for Milwaukee , as he led the team with 25 points , two rebounds and two steals on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Jared Dudley was second on the team , as he provided 16 points and six rebounds off the bench . The Bucks will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Indiana Pacers .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 60 - 21 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 29 - 52 ) 115 - 107 on Sunday . Milwaukee came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Milwaukee was their defense , as they held Atlanta to 40 percent shooting and forced them to commit 11 turnovers . The Bucks ended up shooting 44 percent from the field , while holding the Hawks to just 40 percent on their end . The Bucks have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Bucks team . Giannis Antetokounmpo led Atlanta with 30 points , nine rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks in the win . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he totaled 21 points , five rebounds and three assists . Up next for the Bucks is a matchup with the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday . Milwaukee has been using a different lineup recently and it 's unclear if it 's paying any dividends . Alex Len had one of the best games of his career , as he amassed 33 points and eight rebounds in the victory . Khris Middleton also continued his recent good form , as he amassed 21 points , five rebounds and three assists in the defeat . This was one of Milwaukee 's best games of the season and it 's a good sign to see them play so close . They 'll look to build off this win when they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks , 127 - 116 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Thunder took care of business in the second half , outscoring the Bucks , 68 - 43 , in the second half . The Thunder 's offense was on point , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 53 - 53 . Russell Westbrook was the player of the game , as he tallied 15 points , 11 rebounds and 17 assists . Jerami Grant was huge off the bench for Milwaukee , totaling 28 points and five rebounds . Russell Westbrook added another triple - double to his tally , collecting 15 points , 11 rebounds and 17 assists . Khris Middleton was second on the team , scoring 21 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder on the road . The Bucks ( 60 - 22 ) have had a ton of drama surrounding their team and losses like this show just why . Dennis Schroder was the player of the game , as he accumulated 32 points , five rebounds , three assists and four steals . Khris Middleton was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , three rebounds and five assists off the bench . Markieff Morris recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds . The Bucks will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the surging Oklahoma City Thunder .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 33 points , on 12 - of - 21 shooting , including 2 - of - 6 from long range , along with three rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 19 minutes off the bench . Reggie Jackson went 4 - of - 9 from the field , including 4 - of - 7 from long range , on his way to 18 points , to go along with six assists and one rebound , in 28 minutes . Six other players scored in double digits for the Pistons , including Stanley Holiday , who added 19 points and six rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Zach LaVine led the way for the Bulls with 33 points on 12 - of - 21 shooting , in 36 minutes . Justin Holiday followed up with 19 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from long range , in 28 minutes off the bench . Cameron Payne was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bulls , as he finished with 17 points , on 6 - of - 12 shooting . The Bulls shot 51 percent from the field and 33 percent from long range , but struggled from the free throw line , hitting 18 - of - 23 in the loss . Up next , the Pistons host the Mavericks on Tuesday . Detroit is off until Thursday , when they host the 76ers in what will be the first of a three - game road trip .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 32 points , on 10 - of - 22 shooting , including 1 - of - 5 from long range , along with four rebounds and five assists , in 35 minutes off the bench . Five other players scored in double digits for Chicago , including Cody Zeller , who finished with 14 points and six rebounds , in 24 minutes off the bench . Ryan Arcidiacono was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bulls , as he finished with 10 points on 2 - of - 3 shooting , including 1 - of - 2 from deep , in 17 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Hornets , led by Zach LaVine , who finished with 32 points , to go along with five assists and four rebounds , in 35 minutes . Cody Zeller finished with 14 points , six rebounds and two steals , while Jabari Parker finished with 11 points , nine rebounds , four assists and two steals . The Hornets shot 44 percent from the field and only 10 percent from long range , but they shot only 26 percent from long range . Next , the Hornets will visit Chicago to take on the Bulls on Friday . Meanwhile , Kemba Walker was the high - point man for Charlotte , with 23 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 35 minutes . Cody Zeller followed up with 14 points , six rebounds and one steal , in 13 minutes .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Chicago Bulls , 149 - 124 , at United Center on Monday . While this game was close in the first half , the Warriors stung the Bulls in the third quarter to run away with this one , as they outscored the Bulls 39 - 22 in the final quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Warriors recording 34 assists to seven turnovers , while the Bulls matched their assists and turnovers at 25 a piece . Scoring in the paint was a huge factor as well , with the Warriors winning that battle , 53 - 20 . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with Golden State recording five more assists than the Bulls , while committing nine less turnovers . The Warriors ( 7 - 1 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Klay Thompson led the way , as he tallied 52 points and four rebounds on 18 - of - 29 from the field . Kevin Durant was second on the team , with his 14 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Alfonzo on deck for Chicago is a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday . The Warriors ( 7 - 1 ) have gotten off to a historically bad start offensively this season , but they were able to pull out a win here , thanks to some elite defense . Stephen Curry led the team in scoring , dropping 23 points , eight rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 9 shooting . Kevin Durant was second on the team , with his 14 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Alfonzo on deck for Chicago is a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 28 points , on 11 - of - 24 shooting , including 2 - of - 6 from long range , along with five rebounds , seven assists , three steals and one block , in 37 minutes . Paul Millsap followed up with 19 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , and six rebounds , in 32 minutes , while Justin Holiday chipped in 15 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long range . The only other player to score in double figures for the Bulls was Mason Plumlee , who finished with a solid 13 points on 6 - of - 7 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range . Justin Holiday was the high - point man for the Bulls , as he finished with 28 points , to go along with five rebounds , seven assists , one steal and one block , in 20 minutes off the bench . Paul Millsap added 19 points , six rebounds and three blocks , while Mason Plumlee added 13 points , four rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 32 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for Chicago , led by Zach LaVine , who finished with 28 points on 11 - of - 24 shooting , in 39 minutes . Wendell five players scored in double digits for the Bulls , led by Wendell point guard Wendell , who followed up with 25 points , five assists and five rebounds .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Chicago Bulls , 107 - 105 , at United Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 13 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . Indiana took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring Chicago , 27 - 25 . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Pacers winning that battle , 42 - 43 . Indiana also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 6 - 3 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and wins like this show just how good they can be . Victor Oladipo was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points , 14 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Zach LaVine was second on the team , totaling 20 points , six rebounds and five assists . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points , a rebound , two assists and two steals . Tyreke Evans led the bench in scoring , providing 13 points , two rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Boston Celtics on Saturday . The Bulls ( 2 - 7 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Victor Oladipo was Chicago 's best player , as he tallied 25 points , 14 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Myles Turner finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points , two rebounds and two assists . Wendell of Indiana 's next game is on Saturday , when they play the Houston Rockets on the road .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 96 - 88 , at United Center on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Rockets left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Houston pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Rockets , as they held the Bulls to 39 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . Houston also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 12 more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Rockets ( 3 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what they need to get going . Zach LaVine led the way for Chicago , as he tallied 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . Carmelo Anthony was second on the team , finishing with 17 points and seven rebounds . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 12 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup with the Indiana Pacers on Monday . The Bulls ( 2 - 8 ) have been one of the disappointments of the season and a game like this is the last thing they needed . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 25 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and four steals in the win . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 13 rebounds .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 99 - 98 , at United Center on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Cavaliers win , but Chicago had other ideas . The Bulls ended up shooting 48 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range , while holding the Cavaliers to 43 percent shooting . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Chicago winning that battle , 38 - 21 . Zach LaVine led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 24 points , eight rebounds , five assists and two steals on 9 - of - 22 shooting . Rodney Hood finished second on the team , totaling 20 points and two assists . Jabari Parker was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , five rebounds and three assists on 5 - of - 13 shooting . The Bulls ( 4 - 9 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Bulls team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Zach LaVine was the player of the game , as he collected 24 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Rodney Hood was second on the team , with his 20 points and two assists . Larry Nance Jr. was n't far behind , collecting 20 points , four rebounds and four steals . Jabari Parker finished with 13 points , five rebounds and three assists . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Monday in a road matchup with the Dallas Mavericks . Chicago ( 1 - 11 ) had to play this game without Channing Frye and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Cavaliers . Zach LaVine led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points to go along with five boards . Cleveland will look to play better on Tuesday against the Charlotte Hornets .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 23 points , on 7 - of - 16 shooting , including 1 - of - 6 from long range , along with five rebounds , one assist and four steals , in 35 minutes . Jabari Parker was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bulls , as he finished with 16 points , to go along with six rebounds and two assists , in 29 minutes . Justin Holiday came up big off the bench , with 14 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting , including 3 - of - 7 from long range , in 31 minutes off the bench . Dorian Finney-Smith led the way for the Mavericks with 23 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , in 32 minutes . Jabari Parker was solid with 16 points and six rebounds , while J.J. Barea added 14 points , five assists and five rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench . The Bulls shot 39 percent from the field and only 8 - of - 33 from long range . They now look ahead to their next contest , which takes place in Boston on Wednesday , when they take on the Celtics in Boston . Meanwhile , the Bulls ( 4 - 10 ) were led by Zach LaVine , who finished with a game - high 23 points on 8 - of - 23 shooting , along with five rebounds , four steals and one assist , in 37 minutes . Jabari Parker added 16 points , six rebounds and two assists , while J.J. Barea added 14 points , five assists and five rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Chicago Bulls , 122 - 83 , at United Center on Saturday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Raptors took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Toronto winning that quarter , 30 - 26 . Shooting was the key for the Raptors , as they hit 54 percent of their shots to the Bulls 35 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Raptors recording 31 assists to 23 turnovers , while the Bulls committed 22 turnovers to just 21 assists . Fred VanVleet led the team in scoring , as he provided 18 points , four rebounds and four assists off the bench . Danny Green was the only other starter in double figures , dropping 17 points on 7 - of - 7 shooting . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , four rebounds , two steals and a block . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game . Chicago ( 4 - 4 ) has been playing better recently , but this was a tough task against a hungry Toronto team . Fred VanVleet led the team in scoring off the bench , as he totaled 18 points , four rebounds and four assists . Jabari Parker was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 12 points , six rebounds and two assists . Serge Ibaka led the starters with 16 points and four rebounds . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Orlando Magic .
Zach LaVine led the way for the Bulls with 29 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting , including 1 - of - 4 from long range , along with six assists , in 37 minutes . T.J. Warren followed up with 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 2 - of - 4 from long range , to go along with four rebounds and one assist , in 31 minutes . Jamal Crawford came up big with 16 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 20 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Suns shot 49 percent from the field , while holding the Suns to only 49 percent . Zach LaVine was the high - point man for the Bulls , as he finished with 29 points , on 10 - of - 20 shooting , in 37 minutes off the bench . Deandre Ayton was the only other Suns to score in double digits , as he finished with 18 points . Meanwhile , Deandre Ayton was the only other player to score in double digits , as he added 18 points , to go along with 12 rebounds . The Suns shot only 49 percent from the field as a team . Next up for the Suns is a date in Milwaukee with the Bucks , on Friday . The Suns will be in Miami on Friday to face off as they hit the second game of a four - game road trip , as they play a game - up four - game back . Milwaukee will host Miami on Friday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Chicago Bulls , 103 - 96 , at United Center on Friday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 14 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than nine points . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Miami going 10 - of - 34 from long range , while Chicago went just 7 - of - 28 . The Bulls also took advantage of the whistle . taking twice as many free - throws as the Bulls , while shooting a better percentage . The Bulls ( 5 - 14 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Chicago just adds to their impressive resume ' . Justin Holiday was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , 13 rebounds , two assists and three steals . Jabari Parker was n't far behind , totaling 23 points and 10 rebounds . Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game , as he totaled 18 points and 10 rebounds in just 21 minutes of action . Justise Winslow also recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Heat ( 5 - 14 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Justin Holiday led the team in scoring , as he provided 27 points , two rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . Zach LaVine led the starters , as he accrued 24 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Dwyane Wade accumulated 10 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals . Bam on deck for Chicago is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Chicago Bulls , 108 - 107 , at United Center on Monday . The Spurs ( 10 - 10 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Spurs ( 10 - 10 ) were able to pierce San Antonio 's armor Monday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 107 points . Chicago was led by DeMar DeRozan , who managed 21 points , eight rebounds and five assists . LaMarcus Aldridge and Ryan Arcidiacono put together a pair of 20 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks , and the latter supplying four rebounds , two assists and two steals . Justin Holiday was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 17 points , four assists , six rebounds and two blocks . LaMarcus Aldridge 's 20 - point , 8 - rebound , 3 - assist double - double paced the Bulls ' bench . Ryan Arcidiacono was the only other member of the starting five to hit double digits in the scoring column , posting 17 points , six rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Jabari Parker supplied a 18 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two steals . Patty Mills led the bench with 17 points , two assists , one rebound and one steal . Justin Holiday was productive as a reserve as well with 17 points , six rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Zach LaVine paced the Bulls with 28 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Parker followed with 18 points , 10 boards , two assists and two steals . Jabari Parker filled out the stat sheet with 18 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Justin Holiday led the second unit with 17 points , six rebounds , four assists and two blocks . The Bulls head back home to take on the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night , while the Bulls head to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Wednesday evening as well .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 114 - 112 , at United Center on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 20 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Bulls going 12 - of - 25 from long distance , while the Thunder went just 10 - of - 28 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bulls recording 25 assists to 20 turnovers , while the Thunder committed 22 turnovers to just 25 assists . The Bulls ( 6 - 20 ) have now lost 20 of their last 22 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Zach LaVine led the way for Oklahoma City , as he tallied 25 points , four rebounds , seven assists and two steals on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Steven Adams finished second on the team , totaling 21 points and 10 rebounds . Paul George was just as good , collecting 19 points , five rebounds , seven assists and four steals . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points and six rebounds . On deck for Oklahoma City is a road matchup against the Utah Jazz on Monday . The Thunder ( 16 - 20 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Zach LaVine led the way for Oklahoma City , as he collected 25 points , four rebounds , seven assists and two steals on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Steven Adams finished second on the team , totaling 21 points and 10 rebounds . Paul George was n't far behind , collecting 19 points , five rebounds , seven assists and four steals . Jabari Parker finished with 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup with the Boston Celtics .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Chicago Bulls , 133 - 77 , at United Center on Saturday . While this game was close in the first half , the Celtics stung the Bulls in the third quarter to run away with this one . In fact , they outscored the Bulls , 69 - 30 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Bulls to 38 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . Boston also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Celtics ( 15 - 10 ) have been one of the best teams in the NBA over recent weeks and a road win in Chicago just adds to their impressive resume ' . Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , five rebounds and three assists off the bench . Tomas Satoransky recorded a 22 - point , 10 - rebound double - double off the bench , while he scored 22 points to go along with his three boards . Zach LaVine was second on the team , as he accrued 11 points , three rebounds and two assists off the bench . Terry Rozier also had a nice game off the bench , providing 15 points , eight rebounds , two assists and three steals . Boston will look to keep rolling on Monday against the New Orleans Pelicans . Chicago ( 6 - 21 ) had to play this game without Al Horford ( ankle ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this onslaught . Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring off the bench , as he totaled 23 points , five rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Kyrie Irving was n't far behind , as he accrued 13 points , four rebounds and five assists . Zach LaVine was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points , three rebounds and two assists . Boston will look to play better on Monday in a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings .
The Sacramento Kings blew out the host Chicago Bulls on Monday , 108 - 89 . Sacramento ( 14 - 12 ) has struggled this season after experiencing major roster losses in free agency . On Monday , however , the team was able to put together a strong defensive effort to earn the win . The Kings held the Bulls to just 45 percent shooting and a 16 - of - 28 from three - point range . Sacramento ( 6 - 22 ) , meanwhile , is vying for the eighth seed in the Western Conference , hoping for its first playoff berth since 2006 . The Kings came out strong on Monday , hopping out to a double - digit lead in the first quarter , but saw a bit of a scare late in the fourth quarter . Center Marvin Bagley scored a team - high 19 points while pulling down a team - high two rebounds . As a team , the Kings shot a stellar 45 percent from the field and drained 16 three - pointers . The Bulls ( 6 - 22 ) , on the other hand , have struggled for the entire season . Chicago sits at last place in the Western Conference and 29th in the NBA overall . On Monday , point guard Jabari Parker made his debut for the Bulls , leading the team with 25 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 28 shooting . Center Willie Cauley-Stein , meanwhile , continued to dominate with 11 points and 16 rebounds . The Bulls will host the Timberwolves on Wednesday , while the Bulls will visit Minnesota .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 96 - 93 , at United Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Nets held a double - digit lead for the final 32 minutes . Defense was key for the Nets , as they held the Bulls to 44 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The Nets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Nets ( 15 - 18 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what they need to get going . Spencer Dinwiddie was Chicago 's best player , as he led the team with 24 points , four rebounds , six assists and two steals . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 11 rebounds . D'Angelo Russell made his return from a knee injury to accrue 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Indiana Pacers . The Bulls ( 7 - 25 ) have now lost eight of their last 14 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Spencer Dunn led the way for Chicago , as he tallied 16 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . D'Angelo Russell accumulated 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . D'Angelo Russell led the bench with 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . Chicago will be in action again on Friday , as they play the Orlando Magic on the road .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Orlando Magic , 90 - 80 , at United Center on Friday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 14 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than eight points . The key for Chicago was the free - throw shooting , as they went 19 - of - 26 , while Orlando went just 16 - of - 24 from the charity stripe . Rebounding was also a big factor , with Chicago winning that battle , 50 - 47 . The Bulls also dominated the shooting , hitting 44 percent of their shots , while holding Orlando to just 44 percent on their end . The Bulls ( 14 - 17 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Magic is just what the doctor ordered . Evan Fournier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds . Robin Lopez was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Justin Dunn was a huge spark off the bench , providing 11 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Chicago will host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday for their next game . The Bulls ( 8 - 25 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Orlando , as they shot just 33 percent from the field and 24 percent from three - point range . Nikola Vucevic led the Bulls in scoring , as he dropped 19 points and eight rebounds on 8 - of - 19 shooting . Robin Lopez was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Aaron Gordon recorded a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double in the defeat .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Chicago Bulls , 119 - 94 , at United Center on Wednesday . Minnesota were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Timberwolves pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 34 minutes . Defense was key for the Timberwolves , as they held the Bulls to 41 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Timberwolves also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 45 - 45 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 34 . The Bulls ( 9 - 26 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Zach LaVine led the way for Chicago , as he tallied 28 points , one rebound and two assists on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Karl-Anthony Towns finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 20 rebounds and four assists . Andrew Wiggins finished with 14 points , three rebounds and two assists , while Andrew Wiggins accumulated 14 points , three rebounds and an assist . Taj Gibson also had a nice game off the bench , providing 16 points , three rebounds and two assists . Minnesota will host the Washington Wizards on Friday for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 16 - 18 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Zach LaVine led the way for Chicago , as he tallied 28 points , one rebound and two assists on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Karl-Anthony Towns finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 20 rebounds and four assists . Andrew Wiggins finished with 14 points , three rebounds and two steals . Taj Gibson provided eight points and three rebounds . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Chicago Bulls , 112 - 84 , at United Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Bulls 28 - 22 in the third quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Magic recording 31 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Bulls committed 11 turnovers to 18 assists . Orlando had one of their best offensive games of the season , as they shot 58 percent from the field . Nikola Vucevic led the Bulls in scoring , as he tallied 22 points and 12 rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Aaron Gordon went just 8 - of - 14 from the field , but finished second on the team with 18 points and seven rebounds . Kris Blakeney was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points , four rebounds and two assists . Kris Dunn was a great spark off the bench , providing 14 points , three rebounds and four assists . Orlando will look to play better on Friday , when they host the Indiana Pacers . Chicago ( 17 - 20 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a win like this shows just how scary they can be . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , dropping 16 points and grabbing a career - high 12 rebounds . D.J . Augustin was a nice spark off the bench , totaling 10 points , six assists and four steals . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Chicago will host the Indiana Pacers on Friday for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Chicago Bulls , 119 - 116 , at United Center on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Pacers took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Indiana winning that quarter , 36 - 28 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Pacers recording 25 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Bulls committed 17 turnovers to 30 assists . Chicago had one of their best three - point shooting games of the year too , going 9 - of - 28 from long distance , which marks a season - high in makes . There were 13 ties and 31 lead changes in total , as this game was tight throughout the first three quarters . The Bulls ( 26 - 12 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . Victor Oladipo was the player of the game , as he led the team with 36 points , seven rebounds and three steals on 14 - of - 28 from the field . Domantas Sabonis provided 16 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Thaddeus Young was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and six rebounds . Indiana 's next game is on Sunday in a road matchup against the Brooklyn Nets . Chicago ( 10 - 29 ) had to play this game without Nikola Vucevic and it clearly hurt their defense . Victor Oladipo did all he could for Chicago , as he led the team with 36 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Domantas Sabonis totaled 16 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Wendell on deck for Chicago is a road matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Bulls , 117 - 75 , at United Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Brooklyn were able to prevail with a big road win . A 34 - 12 run in the fourth quarter was the decisive stretch for the Nets , as that gave Brooklyn their largest lead of the game . It was tight throughout though , as there were four ties and six lead changes , with no team leading by more than 14 points . The Nets dominated in the paint , as they won the rebounding battle , 38 - 33 and outscored the Bulls , 45 - 33 , in the paint . Shooting was also a key difference , with Brooklyn shooting 50 percent , while the Bulls hit just 45 percent of their shots . The Bulls ( 10 - 30 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . D'Angelo Russell led the way , as he tallied 28 points , four rebounds and five assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , four rebounds and four assists . Kris Dunn started at center and provided 16 points , four rebounds and seven assists of his own off the pine . Shabazz Napier led the team in scoring off the bench , as he scored 18 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Boston Celtics for their next game . Chicago ( 10 - 30 ) have been one of the surprises of the NBA this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . D'Angelo Russell was the player of the game , but he led the team with 28 points , four rebounds and five assists on 10 - of - 19 shooting . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , with his 20 points , four rebounds and four assists . Jarrett Allen was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and six rebounds . Shabazz Napier led the bench in scoring off the bench , providing 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . The Nets will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Boston Celtics .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Bulls , 117 - 67 , at United Center on Saturday . Chicago was expected to win this game easily , but Miami had other ideas . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference , as the Heat doubled up the Bulls in assists , 27 - 19 . Chicago also dominated the shooting , hitting 57 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The Bulls shot just 37 percent from the field and 33 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Miami winning that battle , 46 - 33 . The Heat ( 22 - 36 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to battle Cleveland for the top - spot in the east . Josh Richardson led the way for Chicago , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and six assists . Bobby Portis finished second on the team , dropping 21 points and six rebounds off the bench . Dwyane Wade finished with 14 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists . Bobby Portis scored 21 points and grabbed six boards . On deck for the Heat is a road matchup against the Boston Celtics on Monday . The Bulls ( 10 - 33 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Zach LaVine led Chicago in scoring , as he collected 22 points , three rebounds and six assists . Dion Waiters was the only other starter in double figures , as he collected 21 points , six rebounds and two assists . Jabari Parker accumulated 11 points , five rebounds and two assists . Miami will look to keep rolling on Monday in a home matchup versus the Boston Celtics .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 121 - 101 , at United Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 16 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than nine points . The key for Atlanta was the three - point shooting , as they went 15 - of - 40 , while Chicago went just 8 - of - 26 from long range . The Hawks ( 15 - 32 ) have now lost 33 of their last 15 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Zach LaVine was Chicago 's best player , as he led the team with 23 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Alex Len finished second on the team , totaling 14 points and 10 rebounds on 4 - of - 10 shooting . Alex Len totaled 14 points and 10 rebounds . Taurean Prince started for the injured Jabari Batum ( knee ) , as he scored 15 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . The Hawks ( 11 - 32 ) have been unlucky in terms of results this season and a win over the Bulls shows just how good they can be . Zach LaVine led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Alex Len recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 10 rebounds . Jeremy Lin was the only other Chicago player in double figures , accumulating 15 points , two rebounds and four assists . On deck for Chicago is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday . The Hawks ( 15 - 37 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Zach LaVine led the way for Chicago , as he collected 23 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Alex Len finished second on the team , totaling 14 points and 10 rebounds . Jeremy Lin was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , two rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Bulls is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 106 - 101 , at United Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Clippers outscored the Bulls , 49 - 40 , in the second half to pull away . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Bulls to 39 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . Los Angeles also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 12 more assists than Chicago , despite committing six less turnovers . The Bulls ( 11 - 22 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . Lou Williams was Chicago 's best player , as he tallied 31 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 19 shooting . Tobias Harris was second on the team , as he accrued 29 points , eight rebounds and three assists off the bench . Jabari Parker led the starters in scoring , as he accrued 15 points , four rebounds and three assists . The Clippers ( 27 - 22 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Lou Williams led the team in scoring , as he dropped 31 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting off the bench . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 18 points and 15 rebounds . Jabari Parker was the only other starter in double figures , accumulating 15 points , four rebounds and three assists . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 9 points and 15 rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . The Bulls will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the visiting Cavaliers Cavaliers 104 - 75 , at United Center on Sunday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 13 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than eight points . The key for Cleveland was the three - point shooting , as they went 13 - of - 34 , while the Cavaliers went just 6 - of - 17 from long range . The Cavaliers ( 10 - 41 ) have now lost 17 of their last 17 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Jordan Clarkson led the way for the Cavaliers , as he tallied 18 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Alec Burks finished second on the team , providing 18 points and eight rebounds off the bench . Robin Lopez was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , seven rebounds and four blocks . Alec Burks led the bench in scoring , dropping 18 points on 6 - of - 13 from the field . Cedi teams return to action on Tuesday , as the Cavaliers travel to Brooklyn to face the Cavaliers . Chicago ( 11 - 39 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Osman , as he tallied 18 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Robin Lopez finished second on the team , amassing 16 points and seven rebounds . Matthew Dellavedova started at point guard and tallied 16 points , four rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Cavaliers is a home matchup against the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Chicago Bulls 125 - 120 at United Center on Wednesday . The Pelicans ( 24 - 31 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Julius Randle led the way with 31 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting in 40 minutes . Zach LaVine fell one point shy of a triple - double as he scored 28 points , to go along with seven assists and 10 rebounds on 10 - of - 19 shooting , while Holiday added 18 points , 11 assists and six rebounds on 6 - of - 19 shooting . Julius Randle led the Pelicans in scoring with 31 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , three assists and one steal . Jrue Holiday finished with 18 points , six rebounds and 11 assists on 6 - of - 19 shooting across 33 minutes . Julius Randle led the Pelicans with 31 points and seven rebounds , while Cheick Diallo led the bench with 18 points and nine rebounds . Jrue Holiday contributed 18 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting , along with 11 assists and six boards . The Bulls will look to bounce back when they visit the Brooklyn Nets ( 42 - 42 ) on Friday , while the Pelicans will not play this weekend when they visit the Brooklyn Nets ( 8 - 29 ) on Friday . Chicago has been playing some of the best basketball in the NBA right now , but this win marks their 10th straight win . The Bulls will look to bounce back as they visit Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Friday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Chicago Bulls , 134 - 125 , at United Center on Saturday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 17 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than nine points . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Washington going 12 - of - 27 from long range , while Chicago went just 6 - of - 23 . The Bulls also took advantage of the whistle , taking 14 more free - throw attempts than the Bulls . Chicago ( 13 - 43 ) had to play this game without Ian Mahinmi and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Wizards team . Zach LaVine was the player of the game , as he collected 26 points , four rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Jabari Parker finished second on the team with 20 points , five rebounds , six assists , two steals and two blocks . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 10 points and 12 rebounds . Chicago will return to action on Monday in a road matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks . Chicago ( 24 - 32 ) had lost four - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Zach LaVine had a bright spot for the Bulls , as he led the team with 26 points , four rebounds and six assists . Lauri on deck for Chicago is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 112 - 99 , at United Center on Monday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Bucks took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Milwaukee winning that quarter , 28 - 28 . Shooting was the key , as the Bucks shot 48 percent from the field to the Bulls 39 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bucks recording 13 more assists than the Bulls , while committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 42 - 14 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load , as he tallied 29 points , 17 rebounds and eight assists . Otto Markkanen was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Khris Middleton was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 16 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals . Malcolm Brogdon led the bench with 17 points , six rebounds and three assists . The Bucks ( 13 - 44 ) have now lost eight of their last 13 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Zach LaVine led the way for Chicago , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Eric Bledsoe was just as good , collecting 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Otto Porter was huge off the bench , providing 18 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 122 - 110 , at United Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided game . The Bulls ended up shooting 56 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range , while the Grizzlies shot 48 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range on their end . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bulls recording 28 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed 8 turnovers to 33 assists . Otto Porter led the Bulls in scoring , as he totaled 37 points and 10 rebounds on 16 - of - 20 shooting . Avery Bradley was n't far behind , as he accrued 15 points , two rebounds and five assists . Jonas Valanciunas was the only other player in double figures , as he totaled 12 points and seven rebounds . Delon Wright led the bench , accumulating 15 points , five assists and two steals . The Bulls ( 14 - 44 ) have now won eight of their last 11 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Otto Porter led the way for Memphis , as he collected 37 points and 10 rebounds . Avery Bradley finished second on the team , totaling 15 points and five rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas totaled 12 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Delon Wright was huge off the bench , providing 12 points , five assists and two steals . The Grizzlies will be in action again on Friday , as they play the Los Angeles Clippers on the road . The Bulls ( 14 - 44 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Otto Porter led the team in scoring , as he tallied 37 points and 10 rebounds on 16 - of - 20 shooting off the bench . Robin Lopez led the starters , as he totaled 25 points , five rebounds and two blocks . Lauri on deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday .
The Bulls ( 16 - 44 ) held on to beat the Celtics ( 37 - 23 ) 126 - 116 on Saturday at the United Center . Zach LaVine led the way with 42 points ( 17 - 29 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt ) to go with six rebounds , four assists and one steal . Robin Lopez finished with 17 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) and six rebounds , and Robin Lopez had 17 points ( 6 - 8 FG ) , six rebounds and four assists in 27 minutes . Kyrie Irving led the Celtics in scoring with 37 points ( 14 - 24 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , to go with five assists , five rebounds , one steal and one block in 40 minutes . Lauri star Al Horford had 19 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , two rebounds , three assists and one block in 27 minutes . Marcus Morris chipped in 12 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , one assist and one steal in 28 minutes . The Bulls were led by 42 points ( 14 - 29 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) with six rebounds , four assists and one steal from Zach LaVine , as well as 14 points ( 12 - 20 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) in 37 minutes off the bench . Al Horford added 19 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , two rebounds and three assists in 30 minutes off the bench . The Celtics ' next game comes on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday , while the Bulls will take on the Milwaukee Bucks at home on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 117 - 106 , at United Center on Monday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Bulls win , but Milwaukee had other ideas . The Bucks ended up shooting 46 percent from the field and recorded 26 assists on their 42 made baskets . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 45 - 41 . Chicago also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Chicago , despite committing three less turnovers . The Bulls ( 16 - 14 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . Robin Lopez was the player of the game , as he tallied 26 points , three rebounds and two steals on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Khris Middleton was second on the team , as he accrued 22 points , four rebounds and three assists . Brook Lopez was the only other Bulls player in double figures , as he accumulated 13 points , four rebounds , two steals and five blocks . On deck for the Bucks is a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . The Bulls ( 16 - 45 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Malcolm Brogdon led the way for Chicago , as he provided 22 points , two rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Lauri backcourt guard Khris Middleton had at least 22 points in his second game back from injury , but finished with 22 points on 6 - of - 16 shooting . Nikola Mirotic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 11 points , eight rebounds and nine assists . Milwaukee will host the Sacramento Grizzlies on Wednesday for their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 22 - 42 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 18 - 46 ) 123 - 118 on Sunday . Atlanta was angry after losing to the New York Kicks on Saturday and they really put it to the Bulls . They got out to a scorching start , as they led 35 - 32 after the first quarter . The Hawks shot 47 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range in the win . They also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 46 boards to the Bulls 42 . The Hawks also shot 47 percent from the field , while holding the Bulls to 51 percent on their end . The Bulls have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a dominant Hawks team on Sunday . Alex Len was the player of the game , as he scored a career - high 28 points to go along with nine rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Robin Lopez also had a good game , as he amassed 16 points , six rebounds and four assists . Dewayne Dedmon came off the bench to record a double - double off the bench , as he recorded a 13 - point , 12 - rebound double - double in just 27 minutes of action . On deck for the Hawks is a matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Monday . Chicago 's playoff hopes are slim , but this kept them alive for another day . Lauri star Alex Len was fantastic , as he led the Hawks with 28 points , nine rebounds and two assists in just 26 minutes of action . Robin Lopez also had a nice game , as he amassed 16 points , six rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Antonio has a few days off until they play the Indiana Pacers on Monday in their next game .
The Chicago Bulls ( 19 - 47 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 41 - 24 ) 108 - 107 on Wednesday . The game was a tale of two halves , with Chicago opening up a 30 - 30 lead after one quarter and never looking back . The Sixers were led by a pair of 39 - point efforts from their starting backcourt of Zach LaVine and Jimmy Butler . The Sixers were led by Zach LaVine , who went for a game - high 39 points that he supplemented with five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Simmons followed closely behind with 18 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and a steal . Otto Porter and James Ennis supplied matching 15 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds , three assists and three steals , and the latter supplying eight rebounds and a assist . James Ennis paced the bench with 11 points , seven rebounds and a pair of blocks . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to face the Houston Rockets on Friday night . Chicago was led by Jimmy Butler 's 22 points , which he complemented with three rebounds , four assists and three steals . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 18 points , along with seven rebounds , seven assists and four steals . J.J. Redick contributed 15 points , two rebounds and two assists . Otto Porter , Jr. registered 15 points , nine rebounds , three assists and three steals . Tobias Markkanen led the reserves with 13 points , four rebounds and an assist . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're home again on Friday night to face off with the Houston Rockets .
The Detroit Pistons ( 33 - 31 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 19 - 48 ) 112 - 104 on Friday . The Pistons got off to a hot start , shooting nearly 53 percent from the field en route to a 57 - 46 halftime advantage . They also held the Bulls to 51 percent shooting and forced 16 turnovers . The Bulls shot 54 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range while also limiting Chicago to 51 and 29 percent figures in those categories . The visitors were led by Zach LaVine , who tallied 24 points , six rebounds , two assists , a block and a steal to lead the reserves . Otto Porter , Jr. followed with 23 points , four rebounds , eight assists and two steals . Robin Lopez and Robin Lopez posted a pair of 13 - point efforts , with the former also hauling in four rebounds and recording a steal , and the latter tallying two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Langston Galloway paced the Chicago bench with 15 points , a steal and a steal . Chicago remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and is currently two games back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head back home to await the Chicago Bulls for a Sunday showdown . Chicago was led by Reggie Jackson 's 21 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Otto Porter and Andre Drummond followed with a pair of 23 - point efforts , with the former also supplying four assists , six rebounds and a steal , and the latter posting four rebounds , a pair of steals and a block . Langston Galloway paced the bench with 15 points , a steal and a steal . The Pistons remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're home again on Sunday to face off against the Detroit Pistons .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Chicago Bulls 123 - 107 at United Center on Tuesday . The Lakers ( 31 - 36 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from LeBron James and LeBron James . James finished with a game - high 36 points , to go along with 10 rebounds , four assists and two steals on 15 - of - 23 shooting , while Caldwell-Pope poured in 24 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting , including four three - pointers . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 24 points , six rebounds and two steals , while Rajon Rondo finished with 14 points , 4 assists and four rebounds . James went for 14 points , four rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Robin Lopez led the Bulls in scoring with 20 points , to go along with seven rebounds , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 24 points , knocking down four three - pointers . The Bulls ( 19 - 50 ) were led by Robin Lopez , who scored 20 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , and added seven rebounds and three assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other Bulls starter to score in double figures with 24 points , to go along with six rebounds and one assist . Kyle Kuzma was the only other Bulls player to score in double figures , as he scored 21 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting in 31 minutes . Both teams play on Friday , as the Bulls visit the Los Angeles Clippers , while the Bulls host the Toronto Raptors .
The Chicago Bulls ( 21 - 52 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 42 ) 126 - 120 on Wednesday . It was a tale of two halves , with the Wizards jumping out to a 35 - 35 lead after the first 29 minutes but Washington outscored the Wizards 25 - 32 in the third period to emerge victorious . The Bulls were led by a pair of 32 - point efforts from their starting backcourt of Jabari Parker and Bradley Beal . The former supplemented his scoring with seven rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a pair of blocks , while the latter contributed seven points , seven assists , seven rebounds , three steals and a pair of blocks . Bradley Beal was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , supplying 10 points , three assists , five rebounds , a pair of steals and a block . The Wizards remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Washington to face the Jazz on Thursday . Washington was led by Jabari Parker 's 28 points , which he complemented with six rebounds , three assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Beal was right behind with 27 points , seven assists , three rebounds , three steals and two blocks . The only other starter in double digits was Shaquille Jefferson , who paced the Chicago reserves with 16 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The Wizards remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're home again on Saturday night to face off with the Denver Nuggets .
The Utah Jazz ( 43 - 30 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 21 - 53 ) 114 - 83 on Saturday . Utah came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Utah was their defense , as they held Chicago to 36 percent shooting from the field and 12 percent shooting from three - point range . The turnover differential was huge as well , with the Jazz recording 27 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Bulls committed 12 turnovers to just 16 assists . The Bulls came into this game winning four of their last five and this was a tough task against a feisty Jazz team . Utah was led by Rudy Gobert , who tallied 21 points and 14 rebounds in the defeat . The Bulls also got a nice performance from Derrick Favors , who tallied 13 points and six rebounds in the defeat . The Bulls will look to bounce - back on Monday when they take on the Toronto Raptors . This was one of Utah 's best games of the season , as they handled a Bulls team in a much needed win . Rudy Gobert was a beast in this game , as he scored 21 points and grabbed 14 rebounds in the win . Robin Lopez also had a nice game , as he amassed 10 points , four rebounds and two steals . Derrick Favors also had a nice game off the bench , as he amassed 13 points and six rebounds . The Bulls will look to keep this momentum going against the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 118 - 98 , at United Center on Wednesday . Portland was expected to win this game easily , but Portland had other ideas . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference , as the Blazers recorded 30 assists to just eight turnovers , while the Bulls committed just eight turnovers to 30 assists . The Trail Blazers also dominated the shooting , hitting 52 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The Bulls shot just 43 percent from the field and 22 percent from long distance . Portland somehow lost , despite being outrebounded , 44 - 45 . Shaquille Harrison was who led the team in scoring , dropping 21 points and two assists on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Damian Lillard was second on the team , with his 11 points and six assists on 3 - of - 12 shooting . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a double - double of his own , totaling 12 points and 11 rebounds . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Friday . Chicago ( 47 - 27 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive and they pulled out the rare wire - to - wire win . Seth Curry was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , three rebounds and two assists . Rodney Hood was second on the team , with his 15 points and two rebounds . Robin Lopez totaled 15 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Zach Collins came off the bench to provide 13 points , three rebounds and two assists . Portland will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Chicago Bulls 124 - 101 at United Center on Saturday . The Raptors ( 54 - 23 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They shot 42 percent from three - point range and held the Bulls to just 9 - for - 38 from long range in the second half . Serge Ibaka led the way for Toronto , as he finished with 23 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with 12 rebounds and two assists , in 19 minutes . Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot produced an impressive 18 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long range , in 31 minutes off the bench . The Raptors ( 54 - 23 ) shot 18 - of - 38 from long range and 18 - of - 18 from the free throw line as their offense clicked on all cylinders . They also pulled down 10 offensive rebounds . Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot was the high - point man for Chicago , with 18 points , to go along with 10 rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 32 minutes . Marc Gasol finished with 17 points , eight rebounds , six assists and a block , while Shaquille Hernangomez added 15 points , eight rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block in his third game back from a shoulder injury . The Bulls move on to face the Knicks in Orlando on Monday , while the Bulls head to New York to take on the Knicks .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Chicago Bulls , 116 - 96 , at United Center on Saturday . The Sixers ( 50 - 30 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Sixers ( 50 - 30 ) , as customary , have been one of the best elixirs for a losing streak . The Sixers ( 50 - 30 ) were the latest team to learn that lesson the hard way , as they fell victim to a Philadelphia fourth - quarter comeback and secure a double - digit home win . The Sixers ( 22 - 58 ) decisively erased a 24 - 24 first - quarter deficit by halftime and outscored their hosts by an 87 - 71 margin over the final three periods . Joel Embiid 's 20 - point , 10 - rebound double - double led the way for the Sixers , and he added five assists , three steals and three blocks . Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot paced the starting five with 14 points , six rebounds , one steal and one block . Tobias Harris provided 16 points , six rebounds and five assists . Ben Simmons was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , four boards , four assists , two steals and one block . Walt Walt Ben Simmons and Robin Lopez managed a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block , and the latter supplying eight rebounds , five assists and two steals . The Bulls next head to New York to take on the Knicks on Tuesday evening , while the Sixers remain home to take on the Miami Heat on Tuesday evening .
The New York Knicks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 96 - 86 , at United Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , New York were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Knicks outscored the Bulls , 22 - 18 , in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for New York , as they held Chicago to 36 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The Knicks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 13 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Knicks ( 22 - 59 ) have now won seven of their last eight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Dennis Schroder was the player of the game , as he collected 25 points , three rebounds and five assists . Kevin Knox totaled 17 points and 10 rebounds on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Robin Lopez provided 12 points , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks . The Knicks have a quick turnaround , as they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday for their next game . The Bulls ( 17 - 59 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Ryan Arcidiacono led the team in scoring , as he totaled 14 points , six rebounds and three assists off the bench . Ryan Arcidiacono led the starters in scoring , as he totaled 14 points and seven rebounds . Chicago 's next game is on Wednesday , when they play the Philadelphia 76ers on the road .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 133 - 111 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday . Atlanta was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Hawks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 37 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Hawks , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Atlanta also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than the Cavaliers , while committing three less turnovers . The Hawks ( 1 - 2 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 12 shooting off the bench . Kevin Love recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 17 rebounds . George Hill was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 16 points and three assists . Alex Len recorded a double - double , amassing 16 points , 11 rebounds and four assists . The Hawks will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks . The Cavs ( 0 - 3 ) have gotten off to a historically bad start offensively this season , but they were able to pull out a win here , thanks to some elite defense . George Hill was the player of the game , accruing 16 points , four rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 9 shooting . George Hill was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points and three assists on 7 - of - 9 shooting . Alex Len recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points , 11 rebounds and four blocks . The Cavaliers will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 102 - 86 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . The two teams came into Wednesday 's contest as polar opposites , with the Nets ( 2 - 2 ) jump on the Nets ( 0 - 4 ) to the Nets ( 0 - 4 ) 102 - 86 at the Quicken Loans Arena . Brooklyn seized a much - needed win in Cleveland on Wednesday , finishing with a 24 - point first quarter and never looking back . D'Angelo Russell led the way with 18 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and eight assists , and Joe Harris added 16 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt ) . The Nets were tidy on offense , as they recorded 23 assists and turned the ball over just 14 times . Jordan Clarkson had only 14 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt ) to go with five rebounds . Jordan Clarkson scored 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) to go with five rebounds in just 22 minutes . Rookie Kevin Love scored a team - high 14 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 2 - 5 3PT , 4 - 5 FT ) to go with 11 rebounds in just 28 minutes off the bench . The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Nets will travel to Detroit to take on the Pelicans on Thursday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 119 - 107 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 38 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a huge factor for the Pacers , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Indiana also dominated the shooting , hitting 65 percent of their shots , while the Cavaliers shot just 47 percent . Cleveland ( 0 - 6 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , scoring a game - high 25 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting . Victor Oladipo accrued 24 points , three rebounds , six assists and three steals . Myles Turner amassed 15 points , two rebounds and three blocks . Domantas Collison came off the bench to provide 15 points , two rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . The Cavaliers ( 0 - 6 ) have now started with two - straight losses for the Cavs , as they continue to surge . Bojan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , totaling 25 points , three rebounds and two steals on 10 - of - 14 shooting . Larry Nance Jr. was also effective off the bench , providing 15 points and 12 rebounds . George Hill was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , two rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Domantas Sabonis was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points and grabbing five boards . On deck for the Pacers is a road matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Atlanta Hawks 136 - 114 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 11 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than nine points . The key for Cleveland was the three - point shooting , as they went 13 - of - 25 , while Atlanta went just 15 - of - 17 from long distance . The Cavaliers ( 1 - 6 ) had to play this game without J.R. Smith and J.R. Smith , but they did n't miss a beat . Rodney Hood led the team in scoring , tallying 26 points and three assists . Alex Len was second on the team , as he dropped 22 points and nine rebounds on 9 - of - 9 shooting . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 11 points and 13 rebounds . Rodney Hood led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Tristan Thompson recorded an 11 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , while Tristan Thompson collected 11 points and 13 rebounds of his own . On deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday . The Hawks ( 2 - 5 ) have been one of the disappointments of the season and a game like this is the last thing they needed . Rodney Hood led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting . George Hill was second on the team , as he scored 17 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting . George Hill was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 17 points , two rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson recorded an 11 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . On deck for Atlanta is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday .
Steph Millsap 's near triple - double of 16 points , six rebounds and an assist paced Denver . Cedi mate Paul Millsap 's 16 - point , six - rebound effort led the way for Denver , while Gary Harris contributed 14 points . Mason Plumlee and George Hill contributed matching 11 - point efforts , while Jamal Murray tallied 10 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Paul Millsap paced the Nuggets with a 16 - point , 6 - rebound effort that also included an assist and a steal . Paul Millsap was next with 16 points , six rebounds and an assist . Mason Plumlee managed 11 points , six rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Jamal Murray tallied 10 points , a rebound and three assists in 10 minutes as a reserve . Matching 17 - point efforts from Paul Millsap and Jordan Clarkson led the Cavaliers , with the former adding six rebounds and one assist , and the latter supplying four rebounds , three assists and a block . George Hill was next with 10 points , three assists , a rebound and a steal . George Hill and Rodney Hood could only muster a pair of 10 - point efforts on the first unit . The Cavaliers head back home to face off with the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday night , while the Nuggets remain home to face off with the Utah Jazz on Saturday evening . Cleveland remains home to take on the Utah Jazz on Saturday evening as a division playoff defend to Utah .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 95 - 86 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . The dynamic duo of Paul George and Dennis Schroder led the way for the Thunder with a pair of 18 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , two assists and two steals , and the latter supplying seven rebounds , two steals and a block . Jordan Clarkson totaled 11 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and a steal . Steven Adams posted nine points , 13 boards , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Jordan Clarkson paced the Cavs with 15 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and one assist . Paul George followed with 18 points , seven boards , two assists and two steals . Tristan Thompson posted a 10 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included a steal and a block . Rodney Hood supplied 11 points , four assists and five rebounds . Jordan Clarkson was a distant second behind Cleveland with 11 points , nine rebounds , eight assists and one steal . Steven Adams posted nine points and 13 boards . The Cavaliers head back home to face the Houston Rockets on Thursday evening , while the Thunder head to the Windy City for a Saturday night date with the Chicago Bulls that also try 's come into a second - place tie with the Phoenix Suns at home . The Thunder next take on the Rockets in Chicago on Saturday night , while the Thunder remain home to take on the Houston Rockets on Saturday evening .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Cavaliers , 113 - 5 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday . Cleveland was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Cavaliers held a double - digit lead for the final 20 minutes , as they held a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . Cleveland shot 53 percent from the field and 54 percent from three - point range , while holding the Cavaliers to 39 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Cavaliers recorded 23 assists to 19 turnovers , while the Cavs committed 32 turnovers to just 32 assists . The Cavaliers ( 7 - 7 ) have now won 32 of their last 12 games , despite this being one of their worst offensive games of the season . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 24 points , five rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Nicolas Batum accrued 11 points , five rebounds and three assists . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points , five rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson was a beast down low , providing 7 points , 12 rebounds and five assists on 5 - of - 6 shooting . The Cavaliers will look to play better on Saturday in a road matchup against the Cavaliers . Cleveland ( 2 - 11 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 21 rebounds . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points , five rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson was a beast down low , scoring 7 points on 3 - of - 6 shooting . The Cavs will look to play better on Saturday in a road matchup against the Cavaliers .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 109 - 105 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 10 - 7 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Cavaliers ( 2 - 14 ) , managing a 51 percent success rate from the field and 36 percent mark from three - point range . Four members of the first unit failed to hit double digits in the scoring column , and Los Angeles also shot 51 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The Cavaliers were led by a pair of 21 - point efforts from Jordan Clarkson and Lonzo . Jordan Clarkson was the only other double - digit scorer among the starting five , posting 12 points , five rebounds and two assists . Rodney Hood supplied nine points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Kyle Korver paced the second unit with 12 points , five rebounds , six assists and a steal . Tristan Thompson posted a 14 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included a steal . Jordan Clarkson led the second unit with 20 points , two rebounds and five assists . Brandon Ingram was next with 14 points , three rebounds and three assists . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Brandon Ingram led the second unit with 14 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . The Cavaliers head back home to face off with the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday evening , while the Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Houston Rockets , 117 - 108 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . Cleveland were expected to win this game easily against a B-team Rockets unit , but Cleveland had other ideas . The key for Cleveland was their shooting , as they hit 49 percent of their shots and assisted on 15 of their 44 made baskets . The rebounding and assisting numbers were lopsided as well , with the Cavaliers recording 48 rebounds and 15 assists , while the Rockets committed 16 turnovers to just 18 assists . Three-point shooting was a big factor as well , with the Cavaliers hitting 7 - of - 22 , while Houston went 15 - of - 22 . The Rockets ( 9 - 14 ) are in a nightmare slump right now , as they 've won four - straight games . Chris Paul and Blake Griffin sat out this game with differing ailments and the secondary players simply did n't do enough . Eric Gordon led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points and three steals on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Clint Capela recorded another double - double , totaling 12 points and 20 rebounds . David Nwaba was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points and four rebounds . Cleveland will host the Minnesota Timberwolves for their next game on Monday . The Rockets ( 9 - 9 ) came into this game winning two - straight and it would be three - straight if it were n't for poor late game execution . James Harden was the player of the game , as he accumulated 40 points , four rebounds and 13 assists . Jordan Clarkson was second on the team , providing 20 points , five rebounds and four assists off the bench . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Monday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 102 - 95 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Monday . Minnesota were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 19 - point margin . The second quarter is where Minnesota made their mark , as they outscored Cleveland , 21 - 24 . Defense was key for the Timberwolves , as they held the Cavaliers to 42 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . Minnesota also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Cleveland , while committing three less turnovers . The Timberwolves ( 10 - 11 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Cavaliers is just what they need to get going . Robert Covington was the player of the game , as he collected 24 points , seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds . Jeff Teague accrued 13 points , two rebounds and six assists . Rodney Hood led the bench in scoring , providing 20 points and three rebounds . On deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday . Minnesota ( 10 - 11 ) have been playing their best ball of the season recently and this win only adds to that success . Kyle Korver was the player of the game , as he accumulated 22 points , two rebounds and two assists . Rodney Hood was second on the team , with his 20 points and two rebounds . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 11 rebounds . Jeff Teague accrued 13 points , two rebounds and six assists . Rodney Hood led the team in scoring , dropping 20 points . Minnesota will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 106 - 95 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . The Raptors ( 20 - 4 ) came in to Saturday riding high off a surprise home victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening , but they were a markedly different team on the second night of the back - to - back set . The Raptors ( 4 - 4 ) were led by Kawhi Leonard , who managed a game - high 34 points , a total he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . The Cavs were led by a 34 - point effort from Kawhi Leonard , who complemented it with nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and two blocks . Danny Green was next with 15 points and added seven boards and a pair of blocks . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 13 points , six boards and a steal , while Rodney Hood was right behind with 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Alec Burks led the second unit with 13 points , six rebounds and a steal . Jordan Clarkson 's 18 points led the Cavs , a total he supplemented with two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Danny Green was next with a stat line of 15 points , seven rebounds and a steal . Rodney Hood supplied 13 points , two assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block . Serge Ibaka paced the second unit with 10 points , six rebounds and an assist . The Cavaliers head back home to face off with the Denver Nuggets on Monday night , while the Cavaliers head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Monday evening as well .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 129 - 105 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Warriors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 34 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Cavaliers to 44 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Cleveland , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 17 - 9 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Cavaliers is just what they need to get going . Stephen Curry led the team in scoring , as he tallied 42 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , finishing with 16 points , four rebounds and two assists . Tristan Thompson provided 14 points and 19 rebounds . On deck for the Cavaliers is a road matchup with the Sacramento Kings on Friday . The Warriors ( 17 - 9 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to show how dangerous they can be . Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he collected 25 points , 10 rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Kevin Durant finished second on the team , totaling 25 points , 10 rebounds , nine assists and two blocks . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , amassing 14 points and 19 rebounds .
The Sacramento Kings came out strong on the second night of a back - to - back to defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers , 129 - 110 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Friday evening . The Kings ( 13 - 11 ) got off to a hot start , jumping out to a 38 - 27 lead after the first quarter . Jordan Clarkson was the high - point man for the Cavaliers ( 13 - 19 ) , as he finished with 26 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting , in 29 minutes off the bench . Five other players scored in double digits for the Kings , including Alec Burks , who finished with 22 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Bogdan Ilyasova shot a career - high 7 - of - 2 from long range , on his way to 15 points , while Marvin Bagley added 17 points of his own . The only other player to score in double digits for the Kings was Bogdan Dragic , who finished with 10 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting , in his return from a two - game absence . The Kings will be right back in action as they host the Pacers on Saturday night . The Cavaliers ( 5 - 20 ) were led by a double - double from De'Aaron point guard De'Aaron De'Aaron De'Aaron De'Aaron 30 points and 12 assists to go with 30 points . The Cavs will look to get back on track as they play host to the Wizards on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Washington Wizards , 116 - 101 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . The Wizards ( 6 - 20 ) checked in to Saturday 's contest with a dubious road record , as they 'd managed to only secure three wins in seven tries away from home . However , a standout effort from Bradley Beal led the Wizards ( 6 - 20 ) to the tune of 38 points , which he complemented with five assists , four rebounds and one steal . Bradley Beal was right behind him with 27 points , five assists , four rebounds and one steal . Jeff Green and Alec Burks turned in matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding one rebound and one steal and the latter registering four rebounds , two assists and one steal . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 13 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , one steal and one block . Tristan Thompson posted a 23 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included five assists and two blocks . Jeff Green was next with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and one block . Kelly Oubre , Jr. led the second unit with 13 points , four boards and two assists . Jeff Green was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , four rebounds , two assists and one block . The Cavaliers head back home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday night , while the Wizards head to Indiana to tangle with the Pacers on Monday evening .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the New York Knicks , 113 - 106 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . Cleveland were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Cavaliers held a double - digit lead for the final 41 minutes of this game . Defense was key for the Cavaliers , as they held the Knicks to 44 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 51 - 43 . The Knicks ( 8 - 21 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jordan Clarkson led the way , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds and two assists . Rodney Hood was second on the team , with his 23 points and five boards . Kevin Knox was the only other player with more than 15 points , as he accrued 19 points , seven rebounds and two blocks off the bench . Cleveland will be off until Friday , when they play the Charlotte Hornets on the road . Cleveland ( 7 - 21 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Enes Kanter led the team in scoring , dropping 28 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 12 from the field . Emmanuel Mudiay was the only other Knick in double figures , totaling 16 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Larry Nance Jr. was a huge spark off the bench , providing 20 points and five rebounds . Cleveland will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday for their next game .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 114 - 102 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Friday . The two teams came into Friday 's contest as polar opposites , with the Bucks ( 19 - 37 ) looking to tally their 13th consecutive victory and the Cavs ( 7 - 22 ) trying to avoid a 12th straight defeat . Antetokounmpo led the way for the Bucks with a 44 - point , 19 - rebound double - double , while also adding eight assists , two blocks and a steal . Eric Bledsoe was the only other member of the first unit with double - digit scoring , supplying 16 points and adding six assists and five rebounds . Larry Nance , Jr. and Matthew Dellavedova contributed a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds and a block , and the latter supplying five assists , three boards and a steal . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 14 points , 10 rebounds , six assists , three steals and a block . Hood supplied 19 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Eric Bledsoe supplied 16 points , six assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Matthew Dellavedova supplied 10 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Alec Burks led the second unit with 11 points and four rebounds . Jordan Clarkson was next with 23 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Rodney Hood poured in 19 points and added three assists and three rebounds . Larry Nance , Jr. posted a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , three steals and one block . Matthew Dellavedova supplied 10 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . The Cavs next head to the Motor City where they 'll take on the Detroit Pistons on Monday night , while the Cavaliers head to Cleveland to tangle with the 76ers on Sunday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 128 - 105 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday . The Cavs ( 20 - 11 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Cavs ( 7 - 23 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . Philadelphia exploited the opportunity to its fullest potential , with six players hitting double digits in the scoring column . The Sixers also shot 56 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 12 turnovers from their visitors as well . Ben Simmons led the way for the Sixers with 22 points , a total he supplemented with 11 rebounds , an assist and a steal . Jimmy Butler followed with 19 points , two assists , two rebounds , one steal and one block . Matthew Delladedova was productive in a reserve role , supplying 13 points , seven assists , two rebounds and a steal . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Jordan Clarkson was productive as a reserve as well with 18 points , six rebounds and four assists . Embiid paced Philadelphia with 24 points , nine rebounds , two assists and one block . Jimmy Butler followed with 19 points , two rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Landry posted 18 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . Butler compiled 19 points , two assists , two rebounds , one steal and one block . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two blocks . J.J. Redick contributed 14 points , three rebounds and four assists . Jordan Clarkson led the second unit with 18 points , six rebounds and four assists . Jimmy Butler was next with 19 points , two assists , two rebounds , one steal and one block . Jimmy Butler posted 19 points , two rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . J.J. Redick contributed 14 points , four assists and three rebounds . Landry chipped in with 16 points , two rebounds and one block in 30 minutes off the bench . The Cavs continue their trek through the Western Conference with a visit to the San Antonio Spurs on Monday night , while the Cavaliers head to Indianapolis to tangle with the Pacers on Tuesday evening .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 112 - 92 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday . The Bulls ( 9 - 25 ) checked in to Sunday 's contest with a dubious road record , as they 'd managed to only secure three wins in six tries away from home . However , Chicago ( 8 - 26 ) came in to Sunday 's contest with only a two - point lead entering the fourth quarter , but Chicago 's second unit proved to be the difference maker . The Bulls ( 9 - 25 ) countered with a 30 - point fourth quarter to lead the way for the home team as they outscored the Cavaliers ( 8 - 26 ) by a 59 - 38 margin over the third and fourth quarters . Chicago was led by a pair of 31 - point efforts from Larry Nance and Nance , Jr. , with the former also hauling in six rebounds and one assist , and the latter registering four rebounds , one assist and three steals . Kris Holiday was the only other member of the first unit with double digits in the scoring column , tallying 12 points , six boards and three assists . Matthew Dellavedova supplied 10 points , eight assists and a rebound , while Alec Burks led the second unit with 12 points . Larry Nance , Jr. was also productive in a reserve role , tallying 12 points . Larry Nance , Jr. was also the second - leading scorer , pouring in 20 points and added six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Robin Lopez was only 5 - of - 9 from the field but mustered 11 points , three rebounds and a block . Ryan Arcidiacono led the reserves with 12 points . The Bulls fell to 8 - 26 and currently reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday . Cleveland was led by a pair of 31 - point efforts from their starting backcourt of Lauri and Jordan Clarkson . The former added four rebounds and an assist , while the latter dished out three assists , hauled in four boards and recorded a steal . Jordan Clarkson was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit scoring , amassing 12 points , six rebounds and three assists . Matthew Dellavedova paced the bench with 10 points , an assist and a steal . Cleveland remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and is currently two games back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head to Memphis to take on the Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 18 - 18 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 8 - 30 ) 117 - 92 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Heat got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Cavaliers 22 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Heat shot 51 percent from the field and 52 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers shot 45 percent from the floor and 42 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were led by the duo of Josh Richardson and Tristan Thompson . Thompson went 5 - for - 9 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the free throw line to score 14 points , while also adding two rebounds . He 's now averaging 13 points and 9 rebounds on the season . Thompson on the other hand recorded 13 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) , two rebounds and two assists of his own . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Jordan Johnson , who came off the bench to score 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) in 26 minutes . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Washington Wizards on Friday , while the Heat will travel to Washington to play the Jazz on Friday , while the Cavaliers will travel to Cleveland to play the Wizards on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 117 - 91 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Friday . The Jazz ( 19 - 20 ) came in to Friday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Jazz ( 19 - 20 ) built a 62 - 51 lead by halftime . The second half was much tighter , but Utah eventually pulled away on the strength of a highly productive night for their starting five . All five starters managed double - digit scoring , and the Jazz tallied a 51 percent success rate from the field , and 40 percent from three - point range . The Cavaliers were led by Alec Burks 's 17 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and two assists . Jae Crowder and Jae Crowder followed with matching 16 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists and one steal , and the latter supplying five rebounds , two assists and one steal . Joe Ingles was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 10 points , nine rebounds , one assist and two steals . Alec Burks led the second unit with 12 points , one rebound and one assist . Alec Burks led the second unit with 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and one steal . Alec Sexton led the bench with 12 points , one rebound , one assist and one steal . Rudy Gobert managed 12 points , seven rebounds , two assists , five blocks and one steal . The Cavaliers head back home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday evening , while the Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the New Orleans Pistons on Saturday evening as well .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the host Cavaliers , 133 - 100 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Pelicans defense was especially efficient , as they shot 58 percent from the field , 86 percent from the free - throw line and 52 percent from three - point range . The key for New Orleans was their rebounding , as they snatched down 44 boards to the Cavs ' 32 . The Pelicans also took care of business on the boards , winning the rebounding battle , 44 - 32 . The Cavaliers ( 32 - 32 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to surge . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Anthony Davis finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 10 rebounds , three assists , four steals and two blocks . Anthony Davis recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , four steals and two blocks . Elfrid Payton was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , two rebounds and three assists . New Orleans will play the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday for their next game . The Cavaliers ( 8 - 32 ) had a tough task here without Anthony Davis and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Pelicans bunch . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Anthony Davis finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 10 rebounds , three assists , four steals and two blocks . Anthony Davis recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , four steals and two blocks . Elfrid Payton was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , two rebounds and three assists . New Orleans will play the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the host Cavaliers , 123 - 100 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference contenders , both squads left it all on the floor . The second quarter was the decisive stretch for the Pacers , as they outscored the Cavaliers , 29 - 45 . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Cavaliers to 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . Indiana also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 32 - 32 . Indiana also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 45 - 31 . The Pacers ( 27 - 13 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to surge . Jordan Clarkson led the way for the Cavaliers , as he tallied 26 points , two rebounds , two steals and three steals on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 23 points , four rebounds and two assists . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , amassing 15 points , 13 rebounds and five assists . Tristan Thompson was a beast down low , amassing 15 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Alec Burks came off the bench to provide 19 points and seven rebounds . On deck for the Pacers is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday . The Cavaliers ( 8 - 13 ) have now lost four of their last five , as they continue to surge . Thaddeus Young led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and two assists on 11 - of - 14 shooting . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 23 points , four rebounds and two assists . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , amassing 15 points , 13 rebounds and five assists . Victor Oladipo finished with 17 points , two rebounds and five assists . Indiana will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday in a home matchup against the struggling Cavaliers .
The Chicago Bulls ( 11 - 36 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 9 - 39 ) 104 - 88 on Monday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Bulls got off to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Cavaliers 31 - 18 in the first quarter alone . The Bulls were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 47 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went just 36 percent from the floor and a meager 22 percent from beyond the arc . The Bulls were also able to force the Cavaliers into 21 turnovers , while committing only 18 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Bulls were led by Zach LaVine , who went 9 - for - 16 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also adding two steals and two steals in 24 minutes . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was rookie sensation Bobby Portis who came off the bench for 15 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , six rebounds and two steals . It marked his second straight night with 13 points , pushing his season average to 27 points per game . Jabari Parker had a solid showing as well , scoring 10 points ( 2 - 5 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) while adding three rebounds and two assists . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday , while the Cavaliers will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 23 - 24 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 9 - 41 ) 100 - 94 on Friday . Miami came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Justise Winslow was key , as he scored a game - high 27 points to go along with seven rebounds and two assists . Dwyane Wade struggled with his shot , but still finished with 13 points , six rebounds and three assists in just 28 minutes of action . Justise Winslow was the only other Cavs player to score in double figures , as he totaled 27 points and seven rebounds in the defeat . The Heat will look to keep up their good form against the New York Knicks on Sunday in the second half of a back - to - back . Cleveland shot 47 percent from the field , while holding the Cavaliers to just 44 percent shooting . Miami came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . They were led by a fantastic performance from Justise Winslow , who tallied 27 points , seven rebounds and two assists in the loss . They also got a nice performance off the bench from Alec Burks , who totaled 13 points , seven rebounds and three assists in the defeat . The Cavs will look to get out of this rut on Sunday in a tough matchup against the Chicago Bulls . This was one of Miami 's best games of the season , but they did a good job of hanging around all night . Hassan Whiteside was once again the team 's best player , as he tallied 14 points , 13 rebounds and a block in just 22 minutes of play . Hassan Whiteside also had a great game , as he tallied 14 points , 13 rebounds and a block in just 22 minutes of action . Cleveland will look to bounce back in their next game against the Chicago Bulls on Sunday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 11 - 41 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 21 - 29 ) 116 - 113 on Tuesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Wizards 26 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 54 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went 48 percent from the floor and 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Cavaliers also forced the Wizards into 10 turnovers , while committing just 15 of their own , which may have made the biggest difference in this one . Jordan Clarkson was the player of the game , going 10 - for - 15 from the field and 6 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding five rebounds and two assists . It was a season - high in points for Clarkson , who 's only reached double figures in points four other games this season . Larry Nance Jr had 15 points ( 5 - 5 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and one rebound , while Trevor Ariza had 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt ) and five rebounds in 27 minutes . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Jordan McRae , who had 15 points ( 5 - 5 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and one assist . The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Saturday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 111 - 98 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . The Mavericks ( 24 - 28 ) came in to Saturday riding high off a surprise home victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening , but they were a markedly different team on the second night of the back - to - back set . As a team , Dallas shot 48 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range , and also outscored Cleveland in the paint by a margin of 50 - 17 . Jordan Clarkson led the way for the visitors with 19 points , two assists , three rebounds and one block . Harrison Barnes followed with 17 points , five rebounds , two assists and one block . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 11 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block . Alec Burks led the second unit with 12 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Alec Clarkson was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland with a game - high 19 points , which he supplemented with two assists and three rebounds . Harrison Barnes followed with 17 points , two assists , five rebounds and one block . David Nwaba led the bench with 13 points , four boards , four assists and one steal . Alec Nwaba led the second unit with 12 points , six rebounds , four assists and one steal . Cedi three players with double digits in the scoring column , and Dwight Powell led the bench with eight points , three rebounds , one assist and one block . Jordan Clarkson was productive in a reserve role as well with 19 points , three boards , two assists and one block . Harrison Barnes led the Mavs with 17 points , five rebounds , two assists and one block . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 11 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 11 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block . Larry Nance , Jr. drew the start and supplied 11 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block . The Cavs next head to Dallas to take on the Hornets on Wednesday evening , while the Cavaliers are home against the Boston Hornets on Tuesday evening .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 103 - 96 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Celtics , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Boston also dominated the shooting , hitting 49 percent of their shots , while holding Cleveland to just 42 percent from the field . Rebounding was also decisive , with the Celtics winning that battle , 42 - 47 . The Celtics ( 35 - 43 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Jayson was Cleveland 's leading scorer , as they led the Cavs by scoring 64 points in the second half . Larry Nance Jr. led the team in scoring , dropping 21 points and 12 rebounds on 6 - of - 19 shooting . Gordon Hayward was second on the team , as he scored 18 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Al Horford scored just nine points on 4 - of - 9 shooting , but provided six rebounds and eight assists as well . Al Horford and Marcus Smart were huge off the bench , as Burks scored nine points a piece , while Brown also added 12 boards .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 12 - 45 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 46 ) 107 - 104 on Monday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Cavaliers came out firing in this game , out - scoring the Knicks 30 - 22 in the first quarter alone . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 40 percent from the field and a ridiculous 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went just 46 percent from the floor and 27 percent from beyond the arc . The Cavaliers were led by the duo of Kadeem Kadeem Kadeem Kevin Knox and Marquese Chriss in the starting lineup . He went off for 25 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , while also contributing three rebounds and six assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big reason for the Cavaliers ' success this season . Kevin Knox also had a strong showing , as he went 5 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 13 points , while adding six rebounds as well . He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 46 points , 14 rebounds and nine assists over that span . The only other Knick to reach double figures was Larry Nance Jr. , who added 15 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) in 34 minutes . The Cavs ' next game will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday , while the Knicks will travel to Philadelphia to play the 76ers on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Cavaliers , 148 148 , 148 at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Cavaliers defense was especially good , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 76 percent from the free - throw line and 40 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Nets outscoring the Cavaliers , 25 - 5 . Defense was also big for Brooklyn , as they held the Cavaliers to 45 percent from the field and 24 percent from three - point range . The Cavaliers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 14 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Cavaliers ( 24 - 46 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to surge . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 42 points , eight rebounds and five assists on 16 - of - 34 shooting . Joe Harris finished second on the team , totaling 25 points , four rebounds and two assists . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and five rebounds on 7 - of - 10 shooting . The Cavs will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Cavaliers . Cleveland ( 12 - 29 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 42 points on 16 - of - 34 shooting . Marquese Chriss also played well , totaling 23 points and seven rebounds . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and five rebounds . Allen Crabbe was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 14 points and seven rebounds . Cleveland will return to action on Thursday in a road matchup with the Phoenix Suns .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 13 - 46 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 49 ) 111 - 98 on Thursday . A common tenet of success across most team sports is that collective balance usually triumphs over remarkable individual performances , and such was the case Thursday . Although Cleveland held the visitors to a 42 percent success rate from the field , Cleveland was able to exploit the Suns ' defense by holding them to a season - low 98 points . The Suns were led by a pair of 19 - point efforts from Devin Booker and Cedi . The former added five assists , five rebounds , three steals and a block , while the latter supplied seven assists , a rebound and a steal . Jordan Clarkson was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , collecting 15 points , hauling in four boards and dishing out five assists . Josh Dellavedova led the reserves with two points , 11 assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block . The Suns fell to 11 - 49 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Atlanta to face the Hawks on Saturday . Phoenix was led by Devin Booker , who managed a game - high 30 points , and added one rebound , seven assists and a steal . Kevin Love was right behind him with a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal . Deandre Ayton was the fourth member of the starting five to reach double - digit scoring , collecting 13 points and hauling in nine boards . The Cavs improved to 13 - 46 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 14 - 46 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 23 - 38 ) 112 - 107 on Saturday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Grizzlies 37 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 44 percent from the field , while the Grizzlies finished at just 44 percent . The Cavaliers also out - rebounded the Grizzlies 52 - 43 , even furthering their advantage in this one . As has been the case all season , Kevin Love led the way for the Cavaliers . He went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 8 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 32 points , while also adding 12 rebounds and a blocked shot . It marked his third double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 20 points and 18 rebounds . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Delon Wright , who went 6 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding five assists . He 's now averaging 20 points and 8 assists on the season . Collin Ante and Joakim Noah had solid games as well . He went 5 - for - 8 from the field and 6 - for - 10 from the free throw line to score 16 points , while adding seven rebounds as well . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 40 points and 28 rebounds over his last two games . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 37 - 23 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 14 - 47 ) 123 - 110 on Monday . C.J . McCollum put up a career - high 35 points on 12 - of - 18 shooting from the field to go along with seven rebounds and two steals . Backcourt mate C.J . McCollum helped keep the Blazers in the game Thurday , putting up 35 points in 37 minutes . Kevin Love turned in a double - double of 18 points and 12 rebounds in 29 minutes . The Trail Blazers won their third straight game , and they head back home to take on the New Orleans Celtics on Wednesday . Cleveland has dropped four straight games . C.J . McCollum ( knee ) is expected to miss at least another two weeks . The Cavaliers will continue their road trip in Boston on Wednesday against the Trail Blazers - - - in - fast - coming between them . Meanwhile , the Cavaliers struggled to get anything going Monday night . C.J . McCollum led the team with 35 points ( 12 - 18 FG , 7 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , and he added seven rebounds , two assists , and one steal in 35 minutes of action . Kevin Love posted a double - double with 18 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , 12 rebounds and one assist in 28 minutes . The Trail Blazers will head to New York to take on the Knicks Wednesday , while the Trail Blazers will travel to Boston to take on the Knicks .
The Detroit Pistons ( 30 - 31 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 15 - 48 ) 129 - 93 on Saturday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Pistons got off to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Cavaliers 42 - 23 in the first quarter alone . The Pistons were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 54 percent from the field and 54 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went just 34 percent from the floor and a meager 38 percent from deep . The Pistons were led by the duo of Reggie Jackson and Reggie Jackson . Jackson went 9 - for - 11 from the field and 4 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding two assists . He was able to get to the free throw line at will and converted on a perfect 0 - of - 2 attempts . The 26 points matched a season - high for him , while it marked his second double - double in as many games . Jackson , on the other hand , finished with 24 points ( 9 - 11 FG , 4 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) of his own , to go along with two steals in 21 minutes . He 's been on an absolute tear lately , averaging 29 points over his last three games . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson added 11 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) in 23 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Sunday , while the Cavaliers will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Sunday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 16 - 48 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 30 - 35 ) 107 - 93 on Sunday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Magic 29 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 43 percent from the field , while the Magic went just 44 percent . The Cavaliers also out - rebounded the Magic 44 - 41 , giving them even more of an advantage . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson led the way , going 5 - for - 9 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding a pair of steals . It was a season - high in points for Clarkson , who 's only reached double figures in points four other games this season . Kevin Love was able to record a double - double , as he finished with 16 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and 14 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 39 points and 23 rebounds over his last two games . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday , while the Magic will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday , while the Magic will travel to Philadelphia to play the Nets on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 17 - 50 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 48 - 20 ) 126 - 101 on Monday . Cleveland came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Collin offenses were extremely efficient , as they both shot over 47 percent from the field . The key for Cleveland was the free - throw shooting , as they went 20 - for - 21 , with the Raptors going just 10 - for - 17 . Toronto also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 51 - 43 and outscored the Raptors in the paint , 56 - 31 . The Raptors came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 12 points . Kawhi Leonard was the star of the show though , as he tallied 25 points , nine rebounds and two steals in the win . Kevin Love also played well , as he amassed 16 points and 18 rebounds en route to a double - double . The Cavaliers next game will be on Thursday against the Philadelphia Lakers . The Raptors did n't play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building . Collin one player on Toronto had to play this game without Marc Gasol , Marc Gasol , Larry Nance , Mario Nance , and Jordan Clarkson in this game . Kawhi Leonard did all he could though , as he scored a game - high 25 points to go along with nine rebounds . Kyle Lowry had a nice all - around game though , as he accumulated 14 points , five rebounds and six assists . The Cavs will look to get out of this rut on Tuesday in their next game against the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 18 - 53 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 36 - 34 ) 126 - 119 on Monday . A common tenet of success across most team sports is that collective balance usually triumphs over remarkable individual performances , and such was the case Monday . Although the visiting Pistons received a 21 - point , two - rebound effort from Wayne Ellington , spearheaded the way to their second consecutive victory . The Cavs enjoyed a stellar night from three - point range , tallying 50 percent success rates from Cleveland and 41 percent from three - point range . Wayne Ellington led the way for Detroit with 25 points , two assists , a rebound and two steals . Reggie Jackson was next with 15 points , four assists and two rebounds . Andre Drummond posted a 21 - point , 21 - rebound double - double that also included five assists , two steals and a block . David Nwaba led the bench with 13 points , six rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Langston Galloway was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points and a steal . Chriss led the way with nine points , four rebounds , two assists and a block . The Pistons head back home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night , while the Pistons remain home to face the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday evening as well . Cleveland will continue their Eastern Conference swing with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night as well , in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 53 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 53 - 19 ) 107 - 102 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Cavs got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Bucks 30 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 42 percent from the field and a ridiculous 28 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 40 percent from the floor and 41 percent from deep . The Cavaliers were led by their duo of Khris Middleton and Eric Bledsoe . Middleton went 10 - for - 21 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 26 points , while also adding 12 rebounds and a blocked shot over 37 minutes . He 's combined for 41 points over his last two games , as he continues to have the hot hand . Bledsoe on the other hand shot 7 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also handing out eight assists . He was able to get to the free throw line nine times , and converted on eight of those attempts . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Brandon Knight , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and four assists . The Cavs ' next game will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 43 - 30 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 54 ) 110 - 108 on Friday . The Clippers came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge road win . Kevin Love was the star , as he finished with 22 points and eight rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Jordan Clarkson was the only other Cavs player in double - figures , as he scored 20 points , to go along with five rebounds and two assists , while Danilo Gallinari rounded out the box score with 27 points , three rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 15 shooting . The Cavaliers were not as fortunate from the 3 - point line , finishing 12 - of - 31 from deep . The Clippers visit the New York Bucks ( 12 - 28 ) on Sunday . The Cavaliers were led by Danilo Gallinari , who scored a game - high 27 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting , to go along with three rebounds and three assists . Larry Nance Jr. was the high - point man for Cleveland in the contest with 20 points , while Larry Nance Jr. added 14 points off the bench . Both teams play on Sunday , as the Cavaliers host the Milwaukee Bucks , while the Clippers host the New York Knicks . The Cavaliers begin a three - game homestand against the New York teams in the second half of a back - to - back on Sunday as they will host the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 116 - 106 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday . The Cleveland-Golden State matchup is always one of the showcase games of the year and that ended up being the case in this Christmas Day classic . Despite Cleveland leading for the majority of the first half , Boston pulled down a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Shooting was key , with the Celtics hitting 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Cavaliers could only muster up 49 percent shooting from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 23 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Cavaliers committed 14 turnovers to just 24 assists . The Cavaliers ( 19 - 56 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to surge . Marcus Smart led the team in scoring , totaling 21 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals in the defeat . Al Horford was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 19 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Larry Nance Jr. was a huge spark off the bench , providing 13 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Kevin Love recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 11 rebounds . The Cavs will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs . Cleveland ( 44 - 31 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Celtics team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Marcus Smart was the lone bright spot in the defeat , as he led the team with 21 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals . Kevin Love recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 11 rebounds on 3 - of - 13 shooting . Jordan Clarkson was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , two rebounds and five assists . Cedi on deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 47 - 34 ) defeated the visiting Cavaliers ( 35 - 35 ) 112 - 90 , Sunday evening at Quicken Loans Arena . The Spurs have been slouching lately as they barley hang on to the eight spot in the West . That trend continued Sunday , as they jumped out to a 24 - 35 lead in the first quarter . Brandon Knight was the only big starter to score in double figures for the Cavaliers as he led the way with a team - high 16 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , along with four rebounds , three steals and one assist , in only 26 minutes off the bench . Larry Nance Jr. finished with an efficient 11 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , 11 rebounds , four assists and four steals , in 33 minutes . DeMar DeRozan struggled shooting but still finished with 14 points ( 4 - 9 FG ) , three rebounds and nine assists , in 31 minutes . The Spurs shot a blistering 41 percent from the field , including 9 - of - 22 from long range . LaMarcus Aldridge led the Spurs in scoring with 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , along with 13 rebounds , in 29 minutes . Larry Nance Jr. hauled in 11 rebounds , to go along with 11 points , five assists , four steals and one blocked shot , in 33 minutes , while Patty Mills chipped in 14 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) , one rebound , four assists and two steals , in 21 minutes off the bench . Kevin Love led the Spurs in scoring with 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , along with 13 rebounds , in 29 minutes . Larry Nance Jr. notched a double - double as he finished with 11 points and 11 rebounds , in 33 minutes . Davis Bertans led the bench with 14 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , two rebounds and one steal , in 20 minutes .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 39 - 42 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 63 ) 124 - 97 on Tuesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . The Hornets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Cavaliers 33 - 31 in the first quarter alone . The Hornets were the superior shooters in this game , going 58 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went just 45 percent from the floor and 37 percent from deep . The Hornets were led by the duo of Kemba Walker and Kemba Walker . Walker went 9 - for - 18 from the field and 4 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding seven assists . He was able to get to the free throw line at will , converting on a perfect 1 - of - 2 on their attempts in a very very strong matchup . Lamb on the other hand went for 23 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and three assists of his own . Lamb was the only other Cavalier to reach double figures in points , as he 's now combined for 59 points over the last three games . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Larry Nance Jr. , who added 10 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and 12 rebounds as well . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday , while the Cavaliers will travel to Charlotte to play the Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 105 - 87 , at TD Garden on Tuesday . Despite the Sixers leading for the first 50 minutes of this game , the Celtics took the most important one to escape with a win . The second quarter was the difference in the game , as Boston outscored Philadelphia , 26 - 24 . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Sixers to 39 percent from the field and 19 percent from three - point range . Boston also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Philadelphia , despite committing five less turnovers . Joel Embiid was the lone bright spot for Philadelphia , as he led the team with 23 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Marcus Morris went just 7 - of - 12 from the field , but finished with 16 points and 10 rebounds . Ben Simmons was the only bench player in double figures , as he dropped 10 points to go along with five rebounds . Terry Tatum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 23 points and nine rebounds on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Ben Simmons was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 19 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Boston ( 1 - 0 ) has been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jayson in the absence of Joel Embiid , he led the team with 23 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Marcus Morris was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Marcus Morris recorded a double - double , amassing 16 points and 10 rebounds . Terry Rozier led the bench , as he provided 16 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Celtics next game will be on Thursday , when they host the struggling Toronto Raptors . Boston ( 1 - 1 ) has been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Philadelphia , as they had six players score at least eight points . Jayson player led by Joel Embiid 's 23 points , 10 rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Ben Simmons was second on the team , as he scored a season - high 19 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Marcus Morris recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 10 rebounds . Terry Rozier was a huge spark off the bench , providing 16 points , two rebounds and two steals . Terry Rozier led the bench in scoring , dropping 11 points and eight rebounds . The Sixers will return to action on Friday in a road matchup against the Chicago Bulls .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Boston Celtics , 93 - 90 , at TD Garden on Monday . The Magic ( 2 - 2 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Celtics ( 2 - 2 ) in the middle quarters . All five Orlando starters managed to score in double figures , and the visitors shot just 41 percent from the field overall and a 29 percent tally from three - point range . Orlando was led by Kyrie Irving 's 22 points , which he supplemented with five assists , eight rebounds , two steals and a block . However , the other three members of the first unit all managed double - digit scoring , as the Magic ( 2 - 2 ) were able to tally a 41 percent success rate from the field , and a 29 percent figure from three - point range . Boston was led by Nikola Vucevic , who posted 24 points , 12 rebounds , an assist and three steals to lead the Magic . Al Horford followed with 15 points , six rebounds , four assists and a block . D.J. D.J . Augustin and Aaron Gordon turned in a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former adding three assists and three rebounds , and the latter supplying three rebounds and three assists . Aaron Tatum led the second unit with 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . Orlando remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is currently six games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Orlando to take on the Thunder on Thursday night . Kyrie Irving led the Celtics ' attack with 22 points , five assists , eight rebounds , two steals and a block . Al Horford was next with 15 points , six rebounds , four assists and a block . Gordon Hayward registered 11 points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal . Aaron Tatum led the reserves with 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Thursday night .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Detroit Pistons , 108 - 105 , at TD Garden on Tuesday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Celtics took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Boston winning that quarter , 25 - 30 . Shooting was the key for Boston , as they hit 44 percent of their shots , while holding the Pistons to just 42 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 25 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Pistons committed 17 turnovers to just 17 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Boston hitting just 8 - of - 30 from long distance , while Detroit went 8 - of - 30 . The Pistons ( 4 - 2 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he accumulated 31 points , five rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond was equally as good , as he totaled 17 points , 12 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Marcus Morris finished with 15 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Al Horford amassed 11 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . No one else on the roster had more than 16 points or four assists . Boston will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Milwaukee Bucks .
Giannis Antetokounmpo and Kyrie Irving led the way for Boston with matching 33 - point efforts . Al Horford supplied a near double - double with 18 points and eight assists , while Eric Bledsoe filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , seven assists , one rebound and one steal . Al Horford mustered a modest 18 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , including 4 - of - 11 from long range . Al Horford generated a full stat line of 18 points , eight assists , five rebounds and a block . Semi on the other side , Eric Bledsoe and Tony Snell combined for just nine points on 3 - of - 9 shooting . Al Horford and Eric Bledsoe had matching two - point efforts on the bench . Kyrie Irving ( 28 points ) and Malcolm Brogdon ( 16 points ) were productive off the bench . Giannis Antetokounmpo 's 33 - point , 11 - rebound double - double paced Milwaukee . Gordon Hayward followed with 18 points , while Marcus Morris and Marcus Morris turned in matching 17 - point efforts . Eric Bledsoe compiled 13 points , seven assists and a rebound . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 7 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 16 points . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the only Bucks starter to manage double - digit scoring , but he still supplied two points , five rebounds , two blocks and a steal . Malcolm Brogdon led the bench with 16 points , six rebounds , two assists and a block .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Chicago Bulls , 111 - 82 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . The Celtics were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 75 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Chicago to 39 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Celtics recorded 27 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Bulls committed 22 turnovers to 16 assists . Chicago had one of their best three - point shooting games of the year too , going 15 - of - 34 from long distance , which marks a season - high in makes . There were nine ties and 14 lead changes , as this game came down to the final seconds . Boston ( 8 - 6 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles . Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points , six rebounds and three assists . Zach LaVine led the starters in scoring , as he totaled 10 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Jaylen Brown led the bench in scoring , dropping 11 points and seven rebounds . Gordon Hayward was the player of the game , as he collected 11 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals . Jabari Parker was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points , five rebounds and two assists . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 11 points and seven rebounds . On deck for the Bulls is a road matchup versus the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday . The Celtics ( 8 - 6 ) have been playing better recently , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt . Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points , six rebounds and three assists off the bench . Jabari Parker led the starters , as he accrued 14 points , five rebounds and two assists . Wendell on deck for Chicago is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Toronto Raptors , 123 - 116 , at TD Garden on Friday . Despite the Raptors leading for the first 50 minutes of this game , the Celtics took the most important one to escape with a win . In fact , the Celtics got out to a 30 - 27 lead after the first quarter and never looked back . All the statistics were in the Celtics ' favor , as they won the shooting , assisting , rebounding , steals , blocks and turnover categories . The assist - to - turnover differential was the biggest factor , with the Raptors recording 20 assists and 13 turnovers , while Toronto committed 13 turnovers to 20 assists . The Raptors ( 12 - 4 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Celtics team . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he tallied 43 points , two rebounds , 11 assists and three steals on 18 - of - 26 from the field . Serge Ibaka was second on the team , finishing with 21 points and four rebounds . Gordon Hayward amassed 15 points , five rebounds , five assists and four steals . Al Horford totaled 11 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Raptors ( 12 - 4 ) have been unlucky in terms of results this season and a win over the Raptors shows just how good they can be . Kyrie Irving led Toronto in scoring , as he tallied 43 points and six assists , despite committing three turnovers . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , as he accrued 14 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Gordon Hayward led the team in scoring , dropping 15 points , five rebounds and five assists . Boston will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Utah Jazz .
The Jazz were expected to win this game easily and a wire - to - wire win would just confirm that notion . In fact , the Jazz took a 5 - point lead after the first quarter , as the game never got within seven points after that . Rebounding was the key for the Jazz , winning that battle , 48 - 51 . Three-point shooting was the big difference for the Jazz , as they went 11 - of - 38 from long range , while the Celtics went just 5 - of - 33 . The Jazz also took advantage of the whistle . taking twice as many free - throws as the Celtics , while shooting a better percentage . The Celtics ( 9 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Rudy Gobert was the only other Boston player in double figures , as he accumulated 12 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and two steals . No other player on the Boston roster had more than nine points , seven rebounds or three assists . Kyrie Irving led the Celtics in scoring , dropping 20 points and two steals on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds . Dante Exum was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
The New York Knicks defeated the Boston Celtics , 117 - 109 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . The Celtics were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Knicks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 20 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Boston to 39 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Knicks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Celtics ( 5 - 14 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Celtics is just what they need to get going . Trey Burke led the team in scoring , as he dropped 29 points , six rebounds and three assists . Marcus Morris accrued 21 points , eight rebounds and four assists of his own . Noah Vonleh recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 10 rebounds . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Celtics ( 9 - 9 ) have now lost eight of their last 11 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Trey Burke led the way for Boston , as he provided 29 points and six assists off the bench . Marcus Morris led the starters , as he collected 21 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Noah Vonleh collected 19 points , seven rebounds and three blocks , while Noah Vonleh finished with 11 points and nine rebounds . New York will be off until Friday , when they play the Atlanta Hawks on the road .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 128 - 95 , at TD Garden on Friday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 55 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Celtics , as they lost that battle , 48 - 38 . Boston also dominated the shooting , hitting 53 percent of their shots to Cleveland 's 39 percent . The Celtics also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding battle , 47 - 36 . The Cavaliers ( 4 - 17 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Cavaliers is just what they need to get going . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , four rebounds and four assists . Marcus Morris was second on the team , as he accrued 15 points , four rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , amassing 13 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . Gordon Hayward amassed 14 points , four rebounds and four assists , while Marcus Smart led the bench with 12 points , three assists , three rebounds and three steals . The Celtics ( 12 - 10 ) have had to lean heavily on their starters all season long and all five players played at least 29 minutes in this tight win . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , totaling 29 points , four rebounds and four assists . Gordon Hayward was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 14 points , four rebounds and four assists . Collin on deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the host Celtics Knicks , 128 - 0 , in overtime at TD Garden on Thursday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Boston offense was lights - out , as they shot 53 percent from the field , 85 percent from the free - throw line and 34 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Celtics outscoring the Celtics , 31 - 11 . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Boston shooting 53 percent and 64 percent from the free - throw line . The Knicks ( 26 - 26 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently . but this was a tough task against a feisty Boston team . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he provided 22 points and two assists on 7 - of - 19 shooting off the bench . Al Horford led the starters , as he totaled 19 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 21 points , three rebounds and two assists , while Terry Rozier was huge off the bench for New Orleans , providing 11 points , seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Celtics is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday . The Celtics ( 26 - 26 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the way for New York , as he collected 22 points , one rebound , two assists and two steals on 7 - of - 19 shooting . Al Horford finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . Noah Vonleh came off the bench to provide 12 points and 10 rebounds .
Marcus Morris poured in a career - high 31 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting , including 5 - of - 8 from long range , to go along with four rebounds and four assists , in 32 minutes off the bench . Julius Randle followed up with 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , along with 11 rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 28 minutes . Jaylen Brown came up big in 24 minutes off the bench with 19 points on 6 - of - 16 shooting , including 4 - of - 7 from long range , along with seven rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 31 minutes . The Celtics shot 49 percent from the field and 31 percent from long range , while they dished 23 assists . Meanwhile , Anthony Davis led the way for the Pelicans with a game - high 41 points , along with seven rebounds , four assists and four steals , in 37 minutes . Jayson five other players scored in double digits for the Pelicans , including Jaylen Brown , who finished with 19 points , and Jaylen Brown added 19 points off the bench . Robert Williams added seven points on 3 - of - 5 shooting , in 25 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Pelicans shot 45 percent from the field and only 8 - of - 26 from long range . They now look ahead to their next contest , which takes place in Oklahoma City on Wednesday , when they play host to the Thunder .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 129 - 108 , at TD Garden on Friday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 25 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Atlanta to 42 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 28 assists to 21 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 24 turnovers to just 27 assists . The Hawks ( 18 - 22 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . Kevin Huerter led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points , two rebounds , three assists and three steals on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Gordon Hayward was n't far behind , finishing with 19 points , one rebound and five assists . John Collins also recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 14 rebounds . The Hawks return to action on Sunday , when they play the Brooklyn Nets on the road . Boston ( 18 - 10 ) did a great job of sticking around in this game , but they simply did n't have enough to hang around with a team like the Celtics . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , tallying 24 points , five rebounds and five assists . Marcus Morris was second on the team , as he scored 20 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . John Collins recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 11 points and 14 rebounds . Boston will return to action on Sunday in a road matchup against the Brooklyn Nets .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Boston Celtics , 111 - 103 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . The Suns ( 8 - 24 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Celtics ( 18 - 12 ) , managing a 43 percent success rate from the field and 41 percent mark from three - point range . On the defensive end , the offensive proficiency led to a 56 percent success rate from the field , and a 41 percent tally from three - point range . Kyrie Irving and Kyrie Irving led the way for the Celtics with matching 29 - point efforts , with the former adding 10 assists , five rebounds , four steals and one block , and the latter supplying eight boards , eight assists , four steals and four blocks . Gordon Hayward followed with 10 points , five rebounds , four assists , two blocks and one steal . Terry Rozier was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , two rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Josh Warren contributed 21 points , five boards , one assist and two steals . Kelly Oubre , Jr. led the second unit with 13 points , six boards , one assist , one steal and two blocks . Devin Booker led the way for the Suns with a game - high 25 points , which he supplemented with five assists , five rebounds , two blocks and one steal . Jayson matched Warren 's scoring total and added five rebounds , one assist and two steals . T.J. Warren followed with 21 points , five boards , two steals and one assist . Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Gordon ( Achilles ) , managing 12 points , four rebounds , five assists and four steals . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 12 points , a rebound , two assists , two blocks and one steal . The Suns continue their trek through the Northeast with a Saturday night visit to Washington to face the Wizards , while the Celtics remain home to tangle with the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday evening as well .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Boston Celtics , 120 - 107 , at TD Garden on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Bucks took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Milwaukee winning that quarter , 30 - 26 . Shooting was the key , as the Bucks shot 51 percent , while holding the Celtics to just 38 percent . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Bucks recording 26 assists to 20 turnovers , while Boston committed just 20 turnovers to 22 assists . The Bucks ( 18 - 13 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Jaylen Brown led the way for Boston , as he tallied 21 points , seven rebounds , two assists and four steals . Eric Bledsoe finished with 16 points , four rebounds and two assists . Tony Snell totaled 15 points and 2 rebounds on 6 - of - 6 shooting from the field . Jayson of those points came at the free - throw line , as they went just 27 - of - 36 from the charity stripe . The Bucks ( 22 - 13 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fight for that number - one seed . Giannis Antetokounmpo once again carried the load , as he tallied 30 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Khris Middleton finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Brook Lopez was the only other Celtics player in none figures , as he totaled three points and five rebounds . The Celtics will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Miami Heat .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 119 - 103 , at TD Garden on Sunday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 25 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Charlotte to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit nine turnovers . The Celtics ended up shooting 13 - of - 39 from long distance , while Charlotte went just 8 - of - 32 . The Celtics also took advantage of the whistle , going 20 - of - 25 from the free - throw line . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Wily Hernangomez was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and 10 rebounds . Jeremy Lamb was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points and eight rebounds . The Celtics ( 16 - 16 ) have now lost nine of their last 4 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Kyrie Irving led Boston , as he tallied 25 points , four rebounds and five assists . Wily Hernangomez matched those 19 points , also adding 10 rebounds to his tally . Marcus Morris accrued 12 points and eight rebounds . Malik Theis led the bench with 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Charlotte will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday for their next game . The Hornets ( 16 - 16 ) have now lost nine of their last 4 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Willy Hernangomez was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 19 points , 10 rebounds and two blocks . Jayson on deck for Charlotte is a road matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 121 - 114 , at TD Garden on Tuesday . The Celtics were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 39 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a huge factor for the Celtics , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Boston also dominated the shooting , hitting 42 percent of their shots , while holding Philadelphia to just 41 percent from the field . The Celtics ( 22 - 13 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fight for the final playoff spot in the east . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he tallied 40 points , 10 rebounds and two assists on 17 - of - 33 from the field . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , tallying 24 points , five rebounds , four assists and three steals . Jayson on deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Thursday . The Celtics ( 20 - 13 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Kyrie Irving led the way for Philadelphia , as he tallied 40 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , collecting 24 points , five rebounds , four assists and three steals . Jayson on deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 115 - 102 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Celtics took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Boston winning that quarter , 35 - 21 . Shooting was the key for the Celtics , as they shot 59 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Timberwolves also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 34 - 23 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 37 . The Timberwolves ( 17 - 21 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Gordon Hayward continued his barrage , as he led the team with 35 points , one rebound and five assists . Karl-Anthony Towns finished second on the team , totaling 28 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists . Terry Rozier finished second on the team , collecting 16 points , three rebounds , five assists and five steals . Al Horford finished with 15 points , five rebounds and four assists . Tyus Jones started for DeRozan and accumulated 14 points , one rebound and nine assists . Boston will look to build off this win on Friday in a road matchup versus the Dallas Mavericks . Boston ( 17 - 15 ) had won four - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Karl-Anthony Towns did all he could for Minnesota , as he led the team with 28 points and 12 rebounds . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with 28 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists . Terry Rozier finished second on the team , collecting 16 points , three rebounds and five assists . Al Horford accumulated 15 points , five rebounds , four assists and two blocks .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 114 - 93 , at TD Garden on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Celtics took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Boston winning that quarter , 24 - 28 . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Mavericks to 39 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . Boston also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 13 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 18 - 20 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points on 2 - of - 4 from three - point range . Gordon Hayward was the player of the game , as he accumulated 16 points , 11 rebounds and eight assists . DeAndre Jordan totaled 12 points , 15 rebounds and two blocks . Marcus Smart was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , four rebounds and three assists . The Celtics ( 23 - 15 ) have had a ton of drama surrounding their team and losses like this show just why . Harrison Barnes led the way for Dallas , as he tallied 20 points , three rebounds and one assist . Jayson on deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday . Boston 's next game is on Monday , when they play the Brooklyn Nets on the road .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 116 - 95 , at TD Garden on Monday . The Nets ( 20 - 22 ) have been a true Jekyll and Hyde team this season with respect to their home/road splits , as coming in to Monday , they 'd managed just four wins in 20 tries away from TD Garden . However , a sterling effort from Monday night was that the Celtics ( 24 - 15 ) put together a solid defensive effort . They held the Nets ( 20 - 22 ) to 41 percent shooting overall and a paltry 26 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 23 turnovers . Kyrie Irving and Kyrie Irving co - led the Celtics with matching 17 - point efforts , with the former adding six assists , two rebounds and two steals and the latter providing four rebounds and four assist . Gordon Hayward was right behind him with 12 points , four rebounds , two assists and one steal . Al Horford generated 12 points , five assists , nine rebounds , one steal and one block . Daniel ( 13 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a steal ) and Daniel ( 12 points , nine rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block ) were productive on the second unit . Rodions led the way for Boston with a game - high 24 points , which he supplemented with two assists , a rebound and a steal . Irving supplied 17 points , six rebounds , six assists and three steals . Al Horford supplied 12 points , nine boards , five assists , a steal and a block . Marcus Smart led the bench with 12 points , seven assists , four rebounds and two steals . The Celtics return home to face the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday , while the Nets face the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Indiana Pacers , 135 - 108 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . The Pacers ( 27 - 15 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to keep their faint playoff hopes alive and to complete a season sweep of the Pacers ( 27 - 14 ) . Given that they 'd blasted Indiana by 28 points in the first meeting of the season , Boston came into this game only one game ahead of the tenth - place Indiana Cavaliers . However , it was once again their balanced effort that led to their first victory of the season , as they posted success rates of 57 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . They also held the Pacers to a 32 percent tally from the field and 32 percent from three - point range while also causing 11 turnovers . Indiana was led by Jaylen Brown 's 22 points off the bench , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Marcus Morris followed with 22 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Tyreke Evans posted a near double - double of 22 points , five assists and three rebounds . Gordon Hayward chipped in with 14 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal . Daniel supplied 11 points , five boards and three steals . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 12 points , five rebounds and five assists . Domantas Sabonis was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , eight boards and one assist . Domantas Sabonis led the second unit with 10 points , eight rebounds and one assist . The Pacers head back home to face off with the Miami Heat on Friday evening , while the Pacers head to South Florida to tangle with the New York Knicks on Thursday evening .
The Celtics ( 26 - 18 ) held on to defeat the Raptors ( 33 - 13 ) 117 - 108 in Boston on Wednesday . Boston came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from Gordon Hayward in the waning seconds to seal the win . Toronto 's Kyrie Irving had a rough night shooting the ball , going 11 - for - 19 from the field , but three - pointers and scored a team - high 27 points to lead the Raptors . It was a similar story for the Celtics , as the starting backcourt of Kyrie Green and Gordon Hayward had big nights . Irving finished with a game - high 27 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while Horford had 24 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and seven rebounds . The Celtics just could n't get it going from deep , as they shot just 7 - of - 21 ( 85 percent ) from the free throw line . Kyrie Irving was Toronto 's leading scorer on the night , as he shot 11 - for - 19 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from beyond the arc to score 27 points . He also recorded five rebounds , an steals , and two blocks . Gordon Hayward had 18 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , two rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block in only 24 minutes . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday , while the Celtics will travel to Memphis to play the Suns on Friday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 122 - 116 , at TD Garden on Friday . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 26 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Celtics ( 27 - 18 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Friday , as Mike Conley led the way with a game - high 26 points , while Marcus Smart , filling in for Jimmy Butler ( knee ) at the starting lineup , posted 20 points , six rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Al Horford and Marcus Smart posted matching four - point efforts , with the former adding three rebounds and one assist , and the latter registering six rebounds , three assists and three steals . Jaylen Brown was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 12 points , six rebounds , an assist and two blocks . Kyrie Irving 's game - high 38 points paced Memphis , a total he supplemented with four assists and a steal . Marcus Smart logged another start for Avery Bradley ( Achilles ) and posted 20 points , three assists , six rebounds , three steals and a block . Al Horford registered 18 points , three rebounds and an assist . Marc Gasol posted a modest four points but hauled in 11 boards , dished out 12 assists and recorded a steal and a block . Justin Holiday paced the bench with 14 points , six rebounds , two assists and four steals . The Grizzlies head back home to take on the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night , while the Grizzlies head to Atlanta to take on the Raptors on Saturday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Miami Heat , 107 - 99 , at TD Garden on Monday . The Celtics ( 29 - 18 ) came in to Monday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but could n't come away with a win against a struggling Heat ( 22 - 23 ) squad that was eager to defend their home court . Kyrie Irving led the way for the Celtics with a double - double , tallying 26 points , and added three rebounds , 10 assists , a steal and a block . Al Horford was right behind him with a 16 - point , four - assist double - double that also featured three rebounds , a steal and three blocks . Marcus Morris managed 17 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Al Horford turned in a 16 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , three blocks and a steal . Marcus Morris matched Horford 's scoring total and added four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Tyler Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with nine points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . The Heat were led by Dion Waiters 's 18 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Derrick Jones posted 18 points , nine boards , a steal and a block . Al Horford generated 16 points , four assists , two rebounds , three blocks and a steal . Marcus Morris supplied 17 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Josh Richardson was also productive in a reserve role , supplying 11 points , three rebounds , three assists and four steals . The Celtics head back home to take on the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday night , while the Heat head to Beantown to do battle with the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics defeated the visiting Cavaliers , 123 - 50 , at TD Garden on Wednesday evening . The Celtics led 27 - 27 after the first quarter , but the Celtics woke up in the second , cutting the deficit to five points to tie the game at 105 with 8:40 left in the fourth . However , the Celtics came out of the locker room firing on all cylinders and pushed the lead back up to 23 heading into the fourth . However , the Cavaliers were not deterred , as they came out of the dressing room with a fire lit beneath them . They fought to regain the lead with 6:24 left in the third and did not look back , leading the entire fourth quarter , while stretching the deficit to as many as 11 in the quarter . The Celtics came out of the locker room with a strong third quarter and continued to apply pressure into the fourth , leading by six , with five minutes left in the game . However , Boston came out strong in the third , ensuring themselves a 15 - point lead heading into the final quarter . Boston was up by two heading into the fourth but the Cavaliers woke up , leading by as many as 11 in the third quarter , where they held the Cavs to only 40 percent shooting from the field and 15 percent from long range from the field . They also shot 52 percent from the field and 48 percent from long range , while holding the Cavaliers to 50 percent from the field and 15 percent from long range . Terry Rozier led the Celtics with 26 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 4 3Pt ) , eight rebounds , six assists and one steal , in 25 minutes off the bench . Ante sensation Gordon Hayward contributed 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes . Gordon Hayward chipped in 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes . Gordon Hayward chipped in 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes . Gordon Hayward chipped in 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) of his own , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes off the bench . Jordan Clarkson chipped in 14 points ( 6 - 14 FG ) and two rebounds , in 22 minutes off the bench . Boston shot 52 percent from the field and only 13 percent from three - point land . Next , the Cavaliers will host the Heat on Saturday . The Celtics host the Warriors on Saturday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Boston Celtics , 115 - 111 , at TD Garden on Saturday . The Warriors ( 35 - 14 ) came in to Saturday 's contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak , but they were still able to come away with a victory against a struggling Celtics ( 30 - 19 ) squad that was eager to defend their home court . Kyrie Irving led the way for Golden State with a 32 - point , 10 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and two steals . Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson checked in behind Durant with a pair of 24 - point efforts , with the former adding three assists and three rebounds , and the latter providing three rebounds and two assists . Klay Thompson was right behind with 21 points , three rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with five points , 11 rebounds , eight assists , three steals and one block . The Warriors were led by Kevin Durant 's game - high 33 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Stephen Curry was right behind him with 24 points , three assists and three boards . Al Horford and Klay Thompson followed with matching 22 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks , and the latter supplying three rebounds and three assists . Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Gordon ( Achilles ) , managing 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with five points , 11 rebounds , eight assists , three steals and one block . The Warriors head back home to tangle with the Indiana Pacers on Monday night , while the Celtics remain home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Monday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 112 - 104 , at TD Garden on Monday . Despite the Nets leading for the first 55 minutes , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 15 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Celtics going 13 - of - 40 from long distance , while the Nets went just 13 - of - 34 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 29 assists to 17 turnovers , while the Nets committed 17 turnovers to 20 assists . The Nets ( 27 - 24 ) had to play this game without John Batum , but they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Celtics . Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , six rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . Marcus Smart led the starters in scoring , as he accrued 21 points , two rebounds , seven assists , five steals and two blocks . Al Horford recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Aron Baynes was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , nine rebounds and three blocks . The Nets ( 27 - 24 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fight for the final playoff spot in the east . D'Angelo Russell did all he could for Brooklyn , as he led the team with 25 points , two rebounds and four assists . Marcus Smart got the start for Gay and finished with 21 points , two rebounds , seven assists and five steals . Al Horford recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 11 rebounds . Marcus Morris accrued 15 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Aron Baynes was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , nine rebounds and three blocks .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Charlotte Hornets 126 - 94 Wednesday at TD Garden . It was a wire - to - wire victory for the Celtics ( 32 - 19 ) , who have now won two in a row after a four - game losing streak . Rookie point guard Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring off the bench with 24 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting and went a perfect 2 - of - 8 from three - point range . Center Al Horford , meanwhile , scored 14 points to go with seven rebounds , five assists , two blocks , and two steals . The veteran forward shot 7 - of - 9 and was a perfect 0 - of - 0 on three - pointers . As a team , Boston shot impeccably from beyond the arc , going 12 - of - 14 from deep and shooting 12 - of - 29 from beyond the arc . For the Hornets , meanwhile , rookie rookie Jaylen Brown had a big night for the Celtics ' offense . Brown scored a team - high 24 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting . He added 2 - of - 8 from beyond the arc . Charlotte ( 24 - 26 ) has been one of the hottest teams in the league , but fell down to ninth place with the loss to Boston . Defense was a major problem for the Hornets , as they allowed the Hornets to shoot over 100 percent and hit 12 - of - 40 from three - point range . The Hornets will face the Grizzlies on Friday , while the Celtics will take on the Knicks .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 134 - 129 , at TD Garden on Sunday . The Celtics ( 34 - 19 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Celtics ( 33 - 19 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . Boston exploited the opportunity to its fullest potential , with six players hitting double digits in the scoring column . The Celtics also shot 59 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range , while also limiting them to 49 percent shooting overall . The Thunder were led by Kyrie Irving 's game - high 30 points , which he supplemented with 11 assists and four rebounds . Al Horford was next with 17 points , nine assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block . Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Gordon ( Achilles ) , managing 18 points , four rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Steven Adams provided a near double - double with 16 points and nine boards , along with two blocks , two steals and a block . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 12 points , two rebounds and two assists , while Terry Rozier was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block . Paul George led the way for the Thunder with a game - high 37 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Morris followed with a 19 - point , seven - rebound , nine - assist double - double that also featured a pair of steals . Marcus Smart drew the start for the ailing Jae Crowder ( ankle ) , and tallied 18 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Steven Adams had a near double - double with 16 points , nine boards , two assists and two steals . Marcus Smart led the bench with 18 points , four assists , four rebounds and two steals . The Celtics return home to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday night , while the Thunder head to the Big Apple to take on the Magic in Cleveland on Tuesday evening .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Boston Celtics , 129 - 128 , at TD Garden on Thursday . The Lakers ( 28 - 27 ) came in to Thursday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were n't able to come away with the win against a surging Celtics ( 35 - 20 ) squad without Dirk Nowitzki ( Achilles ) . However , their makeshift starting five did put up a valiant effort through three quarters before the home team pulled away with a 35 - point fourth period . The Lakers were led by Kyrie Irving 's 24 points , which he supplemented with eight assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Kyle Kuzma was next with a bench - leading 25 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , two assists and a block . Al Horford followed with 12 points , seven boards , two assists , two steals and a block . Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Gordon ( Achilles ) , managing six points , two rebounds , five assists and a block . Al Horford turned in a 12 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a steal . Kyle Kuzma led the bench with 25 points , five rebounds , two assists and a block . Rajon Rondo was right behind him with a 17 - point , 10 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 17 points and eight boards over 27 minutes . The Celtics head back home to take on the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday afternoon , while the Celtics head to Boston to take on the Clippers on Saturday evening .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Clippers , 123 - 75 , Saturday at TD Garden . The Clippers ( 31 - 26 ) came into Saturday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , as customary , the Clippers ( 31 - 26 ) were able to secure the win for the entire game . The Celtics were led by a pair of 19 - point efforts from Gordon Hayward and Montrezl Harrell . The former added 10 rebounds and four assists , while the latter dished out three assists and recorded a steal and a block . Terry Rozier led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals . Lou Williams was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 15 points , six assists , three rebounds and a block . Danilo Gallinari checked in with 19 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and a steal in 14 minutes . Kyrie Irving was next with 14 points , two assists and a rebound . Al Horford mustered a modest six points but did haul in seven boards , along with five assists , a steal and a block . Al Horford registered six points , seven rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 12 points , five boards , two assists and a steal . Montrezl Harrell led the second unit with 21 points , which he complemented with six rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Danilo Gallinari was the only other member of the first unit with double digits in the scoring column , tallying 19 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Patrick Beverley filled out the stat sheet with 12 points , seven assists , nine rebounds and two steals . Al Horford mustered a modest six points but hauled in seven boards and dished out five assists . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . The Clippers head back home to face off with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday evening , while the Celtics remain home to tangle with the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday night .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Detroit Pistons , 118 - 110 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Detroit to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 11 turnovers . The Celtics ended up shooting 51 percent from the field , while holding the Pistons to just 43 percent . The rebounding differential was glaring , with the Celtics winning that battle , 47 - 41 . The Pistons ( 26 - 30 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he collected 32 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Al Horford finished second on the team with 17 points and 14 rebounds . Reggie Jackson was the only other starter with more than 11 points , as he accrued 18 points , two rebounds and three assists . Jaylen Ellington was huge off the bench , providing 17 points and seven rebounds . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup versus the Atlanta Hawks on Friday . The Celtics ( 37 - 21 ) had won four of four headed into this matchup , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he accumulated 32 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Al Horford finished second on the team with 17 points and 14 rebounds . Reggie Jackson was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points and three assists . The Celtics return to action on Thursday , when they host the Milwaukee Bucks for their next game .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 38 - 23 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 37 - 25 ) 97 - 92 on Wednesday . Damian Lillard was a lightening rod off the bench for the Blazers . He had 33 points to go along with five assists and five rebounds in 35 minutes . Six players scored in double digits for the Blazers , including Jaylen Brown , who scored 10 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in 30 minutes . Damian Lillard led the way with a team - high 33 points in 35 minutes . The Trail Blazers shot 42 percent from the field , 18 percent from beyond the arc and 75 percent from the free - throw line , while shooting just 18 - of - 33 from the charity stripe . Maurice Harkless was the only other Boston player to score in double figures with 17 points in 37 minutes . Boston will embark on a three - game road trip that begins in Boston on Friday against the Raptors . Boston has dropped four straight and seven of their last eight games . Injuries can be blamed for the depth of the team 's struggles this season , but they were never considered a team with much of a shot at a playoff spot in the stacked Western Conference . An argument could be made that the injuries the Blazers continue to suffer are a blessing in disguise considering that it 's forcing the team to give their young talent run against top - flight teams . Kyrie Irving scored a career - high 31 points , and C.J . McCollum had 14 points and five rebounds of his own . The Trail Blazers will return home to host the Toronto Raptors on Friday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Washington Wizards , 107 - 96 , at TD Center on Friday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Wizards to 40 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 18 turnovers . The Celtics ended up shooting 45 percent from the field , while holding the Wizards to just 40 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the two teams matching in turnovers , while Boston won the assist battle , 46 - 53 . Free-throw shooting really killed Washington , as they went just 14 - of - 19 from the charity stripe . The Celtics ( 38 - 25 ) have now won seven of their last eight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Bradley Beal led Washington in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Kyrie Irving finished with 13 points , six rebounds and 12 assists . Marcus Morris accrued 16 points and nine rebounds . Tomas Satoransky was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , five rebounds and five assists . Washington will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves . The Celtics ( 38 - 25 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Bradley Beal led Boston , as he tallied 29 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Kyrie Irving collected 13 points , six rebounds and 12 assists . Jeff Green totaled 12 points , five rebounds and four steals . Tomas Satoransky was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , five rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Wizards is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Rockets ( 38 - 25 ) held on to defeat the Celtics ( 38 - 26 ) 115 - 104 at TD Garden on Sunday . Houston jumped out to a 33 - 23 first quarter advantage and never looked back . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring with 24 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) , to go with six assists and nine rebounds in 35 minutes . Eric Gordon contributed 32 points ( 11 - 18 FG , 8 - 12 3Pt ) , three rebounds , three assists and one steal in 35 minutes . Chris Paul notched a double - double with 15 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and 12 assists , while also adding six rebounds , three steals and one block . Boston now heads back home to take on the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night . The Celtics received a big boost off of the bench from Kyrie Irving , who shot 7 - of - 11 from the floor on a night - high 24 - point , 3 - rebound outing . Harden had seven assists , seven rebounds , and three steals . Al Horford had 19 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , six rebounds and two assists in 30 minutes . Austin Smart had 18 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , four rebounds , six assists and one steal in 35 minutes . The Celtics ' next game comes on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday , while the Rockets will take on the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Sacramento Kings 126 - 120 Thursday at TD Garden . It was a complete team effort for the Celtics ( 42 - 27 ) , as they managed to grab a lead in the first quarter and never looked back . They were led by Buddy Hield , who scored a game - high 34 points on 14 - of - 24 shooting from the field and 0 - of - 10 from behind the arc . As a team , Boston shot 51 percent from the field and recorded 32 assists to just 13 turnovers . As for the Kings ( 33 - 34 ) , they 've now dropped two straight games after rattling off three straight victories , as the absence of Nikola Jokic ( hip ) has really taken a tole on this team . His replacement , Al Horford , scored just 12 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting and grabbed five rebounds in 31 minutes . As a team , the Kings shot a scorching hot 51 percent from the field and 32 percent from behind the arc in the winning effort . As a team , the Kings shot 51 percent from the field and a scorching 32 percent from behind the arc , while the Kings shot 51 percent from the field overall . Up next , the Celtics will remain home Saturday to take on the Hawks , while the Kings will look to avoid losing their second straight game when they play on Friday . Sacramento , meanwhile , will take on the Sixers in Philadelphia on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Celtics , 129 - 100 , at TD Garden on Saturday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 43 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Celtics to 32 percent shooting from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 30 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 15 turnovers to just 32 assists . The Hawks ( 24 - 46 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 30 points and nine assists on 12 - of - 24 from the field . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 20 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Taurean Prince was a huge spark off the bench , providing 17 points , three rebounds and two assists . Dewayne Dedmon got a rare start and accrued five points , 13 rebounds , three steals and a block . On deck for the Celtics is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday . The Hawks ( 32 - 32 ) have now lost four of their last five games , as they continue to battle Cleveland for the top - spot in the east . Kyrie Irving led the way for Atlanta , as he tallied 30 points , 11 rebounds and nine assists . John Collins totaled 20 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . John Collins started and amassed 20 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Dewayne Dedmon started for LaMarcus Aldridge and amassed 5 points , 13 rebounds , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Monday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 47 - 22 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 28 ) 114 - 105 on Monday at the TD Garden in Boston . The Nuggets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Celtics 24 - 21 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Nuggets also shot very well , going 49 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went 42 percent from the floor and 31 percent from deep . It was Nikola Jokic who led the way for the Nuggets , going 9 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 21 points , while also adding 13 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 10 rebounds over his last two games . Will Barton came one rebound shy of a triple - double , finishing with 20 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt ) , four rebounds and two assists . Since joining the Celtics at the trade deadline , he 's averaging 20 points and 4 assists over his last five games . Al Horford also had a strong showing , finishing with 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt ) , six rebounds and six assists . It was his seventh straight game with 12 points , pushing his season scoring average to 39 points per game . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Marcus Morris , who contributed 13 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 0 FT ) and five rebounds in 35 minutes . The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Thursday , while the Celtics will travel to Philadelphia to play the 76ers on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 43 - 31 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 31 ) 115 - 96 on Sunday . This game meant much more to the Spurs than Celtics and it was evident by the result . The second quarter is when they made their mark , as they outscored the Celtics 23 - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with San Antonio recording 32 assists to just eight turnovers , while Boston committed 8 turnovers to just 23 assists . The Spurs shot 51 percent from the field , while holding the Celtics to 40 percent shooting . San Antonio 's bench was huge as well , outscoring Boston 's bench , 43 - 13 . The Celtics ( 43 - 31 ) have now won eight of their last 7 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Marcus Smart led the way for Boston , as he tallied 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Gordon Hayward finished with 13 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Kyrie Irving totaled 11 points , two rebounds , 12 assists and two steals . Marcus Morris was the only other Celtics player in double figures , as he dropped 13 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Boston will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers . The Spurs ( 43 - 31 ) have now lost seven - straight games , as they continue to battle Cleveland for the top - spot in the east . Marcus Smart led the way for Boston , as he tallied 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Gordon Hayward finished with 13 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Kyrie Irving totaled 11 points , two rebounds , 12 assists and two steals . Marcus Morris was the only other Celtics player in double figures , as he dropped 13 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Indiana Pacers , 114 - 112 , at TD Garden on Friday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 44 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Celtics , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Boston also took advantage of the points off turnovers , winning that differential , 27 - 13 . The Celtics ( 45 - 31 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to fight for a playoff berth . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , two rebounds , five assists and three steals on 11 - of - 22 from the field . Thaddeus Young was second on the team , totaling 18 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Aron Baynes was huge off the bench , as he provided 13 points and 13 rebounds on 6 - of - 10 shooting . The Celtics play again on Saturday , as they host the Orlando Magic for their next game . The Pacers ( 45 - 31 ) have been dominant at home all season , with this win giving them their 23rd home victory of the year . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , totaling 27 points , two rebounds and two assists . Al Horford was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 19 points , seven rebounds and three blocks . Aron Baynes was huge off the bench , providing 13 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Miami Heat , 110 - 105 , at TD Garden on Monday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Rebounding was the biggest difference in the game , with Boston winning that battle , 49 - 48 . The Celtics also dominated the shooting , hitting 40 percent of their shots to Miami 's 45 percent . The Heat also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 48 . The Heat ( 38 - 39 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Al Horford picked up his 15th triple - double of the season though , as he accumulated 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , accruing 25 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Al Horford recorded a triple - double , accumulating 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Jayson players scored in triple figures for Miami , with Kyrie Wade scoring 17 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Miami will play again on Wednesday , when they host the Boston Celtics for their next game . The Heat ( 38 - 39 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle Cleveland for the top - spot in the east . Goran Dragic led the way for Miami , as he tallied 30 points , three rebounds , five assists and five steals . Al Horford recorded a triple - double , totaling 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Dwyane Wade accrued 17 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Jayson on deck for Miami is a home matchup against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Boston Celtics , 116 - 108 , at TD Garden on Sunday . Despite the final scoreline , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 9 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Magic going 12 - of - 33 and the Celtics hitting 12 - of - 33 . Boston also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Boston , while committing three less turnovers . The Magic ( 41 - 40 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Terrence Ross led the way for Boston , as he tallied 26 points , three rebounds and three assists . Al Horford finished second on the team with 18 points , four rebounds , seven assists and two steals . D.J. on deck for Boston is a road matchup with the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday . The Celtics ( 48 - 33 ) are now just 5 - 8 across their last 12 games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season . Nikola Vucevic was a bright spot for Boston , as he tallied 25 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . Gordon Hayward finished second on the team with 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . Aaron Gordon totaled 14 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Orlando will host the Washington Wizards for their next game on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 107 - 98 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Nuggets ( 1 - 1 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Clippers ( 0 - 1 ) in the middle quarters , defeating the visitors by a 29 - 30 margin in the second period . Denver 's offense was led by Tobias Harris , who posted 19 points , 10 rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal , while Gary Harris was right behind him with 20 points of his own . Lou Williams was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 14 points , five assists and a rebound . The Nuggets were led by Tobias Harris 's 19 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds and an assist . Gary Harris continued his strong play with 20 points , three rebounds and two assists . Danilo Gallinari tallied 16 points , eight rebounds and one assist . Lou Williams paced the bench with 14 points , five rebounds and two assists . Danilo Gallinari was next with 16 points , eight rebounds and one assist . Shai supplying 11 points , a rebound , four assists , a steal and a block , while Patrick Beverley went for 0 - of - 8 from the field , including 0 - for - 5 from three - point range . The Clippers head to Phoenix to take on the Thunder on Saturday afternoon , while the Clippers head to Los Angeles to face off with the Suns on Friday night .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 108 - 92 Friday at Staples Center . The supposedly tanking Clippers ( 1 - 1 ) came into Friday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( calf ) . However , as a result , the Clippers ( 1 - 1 ) came into the game sporting one of the NBA 's stingiest defenses , having allowed the fourth - worst record in the NBA . Since the Supersonics franchise was relocated to Oklahoma before the 2008 - 11 season , the Thunder have found themselves as a legitimate contender early on in the season . The Thunder ( 0 - 2 ) did not get off to a hot start in the first quarter , but the Clippers ( 1 - 2 ) did not play the second half of a back - to - back . Paul George led the way with a game - high 20 points on 7 - of - 27 shooting , to go along with eight rebounds and four assists in 26 minutes . Tobias Harris was the only other starter to score in double figures with 26 points , to go along with five rebounds and four assists , while Lou Williams added 17 points on 4 - of - 12 shooting . Steven Gortat was the only other Clippers player to score in double figures , as he scored 17 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting . The Clippers were led by Danilo Gallinari , who scored 26 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with five rebounds and one assist . Raymond Felton added 12 points , four rebounds and three assists in 23 minutes off the bench , while Raymond Felton pitched in 12 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . Next up , the Clippers host the Houston Kings on Sunday , while the Thunder visit the Sacramento Rockets on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Houston Rockets , 115 - 112 , at Staples Center on Sunday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Clippers going just 15 - of - 25 from the charity stripe , while Houston could only hit 11 - of - 15 . The Clippers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Houston , while committing three less turnovers . The Clippers ( 2 - 1 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . James Harden led the team in scoring , tallying 31 points , four assists and two steals in the win . Montrezl Harrell was second on the team in scoring , dropping 23 points off the bench . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 17 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday . The Rockets ( 1 - 2 ) have been one of the disappointments of the season and a game like this is the last thing they needed . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 31 points , four rebounds and 14 assists on 11 - of - 26 shooting . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , with his 20 points and nine boards . Montrezl Harrell got the start at center and dropped 17 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Eric Gordon provided 21 points , five rebounds and two assists of his own off the bench as well . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Washington Wizards 136 - 104 , at Staples Center on Sunday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . There were 12 ties and 14 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 10 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Clippers recording 35 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Wizards committed 14 turnovers to just 18 assists . The Clippers ( 4 - 2 ) had a tough task here against a desperate Wizards team and they fell just short in this tight battle . Tobias Harris led the way for Washington , as he tallied 22 points and 11 rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . John Wall was n't far behind , as he tallied 18 points , three rebounds , five assists and four steals . Avery Bradley matched that 15 points , as he added one rebound and five assists to his tally . Boban Marjanovic was the only bench player in double figures , dropping 13 points and nine rebounds on 6 - of - 7 from the field . The Wizards ( 1 - 5 ) have been one of the disappointments of the season , as they melted down in their own building . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points and seven rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Avery Bradley was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points , two rebounds and five assists . Boban Marjanovic was the only bench player in double figures , amassing 13 points and nine rebounds on 6 - of - 7 from the field . The Wizards ( 1 - 5 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Washington , as they shot just 39 percent from the field and 19 percent from three - point range . Tobias Harris led Washington in scoring , as he provided 22 points and 11 rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . John Wall was n't far behind , as he tallied 18 points , three rebounds and five assists . Lou Williams and Avery Bradley were the only other Clippers players in double figures , as they scored 15 points a piece . Washington will look to bounce back on Tuesday in a road matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves , 120 - 109 , at Staples Center on Monday . In a battle between two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the more potent offense was able to prevail with a gigantic win . The key for Los Angeles was their rebounding , as they snatched down 43 boards to the Timberwolves ' 38 . The Clippers ended up shooting 49 percent from the field , while holding the Timberwolves to just 47 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Clippers recording 30 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Timberwolves committed 11 turnovers to 20 assists . Derrick Rose led the Timberwolves in scoring , as he dropped 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 12 rebounds , three steals and four blocks . Lou Williams was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points and six assists . The Clippers ( 6 - 4 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Danilo Gallinari led the way for the Clippers , as he tallied 22 points , four rebounds and three assists . Tobias Harris was second on the team , as he accrued 22 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Jimmy Butler finished with 20 points , four rebounds and five assists . Taj Gibson was the only other T'Wolf in double figures , collecting 15 points and nine rebounds . Los Angeles will be off until Thursday , when they host the Portland Trail Blazers for their next game .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Clippers , 128 - 100 , at Staples Center on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Clippers defense was especially good , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 81 percent from the free - throw line and 41 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Clippers outscoring the Clippers , 29 - 39 . Los Angeles was lights - out from the field , shooting 46 percent from the field , 41 percent from three - point range and 81 percent from the free - throw line . The Clippers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 54 - 39 . Montrezl Harrell led the Clippers in scoring , dropping 26 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting off the bench . Patrick Beverley went just 7 - of - 11 from the field , but finished with 21 points , five rebounds and three assists . Tobias Harris recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 20 points , 11 rebounds and two steals . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , accumulating 27 points , four rebounds , four assists , five steals and two blocks . Eric Bledsoe finished with 15 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup versus the Golden State Warriors on Sunday . The Clippers ( 39 - 39 ) are now just 4 - 8 across their last 16 games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Clippers , as he accumulated 27 points , 18 rebounds , four assists , five steals and two blocks . Patrick Beverley was second among starters , finishing with 21 points , five rebounds and three assists . Lou Williams and Danilo Gallinari both scored in double figures off the bench . On deck for Clippers is a home matchup against the Clippers on Monday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Golden State Warriors , 121 - 116 , at Staples Center on Monday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Clippers left no doubt with this 18 - point win . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Clippers , as they led by 16 after the first quarter and by the Warriors on a 70 - 44 run . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Warriors to 47 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The Clippers also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 46 - 45 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 39 . The Warriors ( 8 - 5 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Lou Williams led the team in scoring , as he dropped 25 points on 5 - of - 5 shooting off the bench . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 23 points , eight rebounds , four steals and four blocks on 10 - of - 13 shooting . Danilo Gallinari went just 3 - of - 12 from the field , but finished second on the team with 14 points and seven rebounds . Marcin Gortat was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , five rebounds and four assists . Montrezl Harrell was a beast off the bench , dropping 23 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 13 from the field . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 23 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 13 shooting . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday . The Warriors ( 8 - 5 ) have now lost four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Lou Williams was the star of this one , as he led the team with 25 points on 5 - of - 18 from three - point range . Draymond Green went just 3 - of - 9 from the field to accrue six points , 14 rebounds and three steals . Montrezl Harrell was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 23 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 13 shooting . The Warriors will host the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday for their next game .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the San Antonio Spurs 116 - 111 at Staples Center on Thursday . The Clippers ( 9 - 5 ) edged out the Spurs ( 7 - 7 ) on Thursday night , winning 116 - 111 . San Antonio jumped out to a 29 - 28 lead after the first quarter and never looked back , as the lead reached as many as 24 points in the third quarter . But the Spurs exploded in the second quarter , outscoring San Antonio by a whopping 24 points over the period to seal the victory . DeMar DeRozan led the way for Los Angeles with 34 points , six rebounds , five assists , three steals and one block in 40 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 10 points and 16 rebounds of his own , to go along with two blocks . Bryn Harris chipped in 18 points , eight rebounds and five assists , while Montrezl Harrell added 14 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Montrezl Harrell led the Clippers in scoring with 14 points on 4 - 8 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , along with six rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block , in 27 minutes off the bench . Patty Mills was the only other player to score in double digits for San Antonio , as he chipped in 12 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 33 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Spurs was Patty Mills , who chipped in 12 points , on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 33 minutes off the bench . The Spurs had six players score in double digits and shot a poor 40 percent from the field as a team . Lou Williams was the high - point man for the Clippers , as he finished with 23 points on 9 - of - 20 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Tobias Harris was the only other player to score in double digits for the Clippers , as he finished with 18 points , along with eight rebounds , five assists and one block , in 25 minutes off the bench .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 112 - 107 , at Staples Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Clippers defense was especially good , as they shot 43 percent from the field , 89 percent from the free - throw line and 35 percent from three - point range . Los Angeles also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Clippers ( 12 - 6 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what the doctor ordered . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds and 11 assists . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , finishing with 20 points and nine rebounds . Kyle Anderson was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points , five rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Clippers is a road matchup against the New Orleans Knicks on Sunday . The Grizzlies ( 12 - 6 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the west . Marc Gasol did all he could for Memphis , leading the team with 27 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists . Mike Conley accrued 19 points , three rebounds and 11 assists . Lou Williams was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , six assists and four steals . The Grizzlies will host the New York Knicks on Sunday for their next game .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Phoenix Suns 115 - 99 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Clippers ( 14 - 6 ) picked up their eighth straight home win behind an impressive scoring effort from Danilo Gallinari . The Clippers point guard finished with 28 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , one steal and two blocks on 7 - of - 10 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 4 - of - 4 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Clippers ' double - digit lead in the second half . The Clippers ( 4 - 17 ) were led by Devin Booker , who scored a team - high 23 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting in 35 minutes off the bench . Josh Harris added 18 points , two rebounds and four assists , while Montrezl Harrell contributed 12 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . Devin Booker scored 23 points to lead all Suns scorers , and finished 9 - of - 21 from the field alongside four rebounds and four assists . Josh Harris was the only other Clippers scorer in double figures , as he scored 18 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Both teams play on Friday , as the Suns host the Orlando Magic , while the Clippers host the Sacramento Kings . The host Orlando Magic beat the Sacramento Magic on Thursday , while the Clippers begin a three - game road trip against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 121 - 98 , at Staples Center on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Heat left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Miami pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Heat , as they held the Clippers to 37 percent shooting and forced them to commit 16 turnovers . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Miami winning that battle , 57 - 49 . The Clippers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Heat ( 11 - 14 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Clippers is just what they need to get going . Dwyane Wade was the lone bright spot for Los Angeles , as he led the team with 25 points , six rebounds and six assists . Lou Williams was n't far behind , providing 18 points , three rebounds and five assists . Kelly Olynyk recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . The Heat ( 11 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Dwyane Wade was the player of the game , as he led the team with 25 points , six rebounds and six assists . Lou Williams was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , three rebounds and five assists . Kelly Olynyk was huge off the bench , as he provided 15 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Danilo Gallinari recorded a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . Bam Bam of Miami 's starters was huge , as Tobias Harris , Kelly Olynyk and Rodney McGruder all scored in double figures . More importantly , Olynyk recorded a season - high 10 rebounds and blocked a career - high four steals .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 123 - 99 , at Staples Center on Tuesday . The two teams came into Tuesday 's contest as polar opposites , with the Raptors ( 22 - 7 ) looking to make a run in the final period . Lowry 's 21 points led the Raptors , and he added nine rebounds , two assists and three blocks on 8 - of - 18 shooting . Kyle Lowry was the only other member of the first unit to reach double digits in the scoring column , as he scored 21 points , to go along with five rebounds and seven assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting . The Raptors were led by Serge Ibaka , who scored 25 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with nine rebounds and two assists . Kyle Lowry struggled shooting , going 8 - of - 13 from the field , including 4 - of - 8 from long range , to go along with 21 points , five rebounds , seven assists and a block on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Danilo Gallinari added 11 points , five rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 10 shooting , while Tobias Harris led the Clippers with 10 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting . The Raptors were led by Serge Ibaka 's 25 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Kyle Lowry was the only other player to score in double digits , as he finished with 21 points , five assists , five rebounds , one steal and a block across 32 minutes of action . Both teams play on Thursday , as the Clippers visit the San Antonio Spurs , while the Raptors host the Golden State Warriors .
The host Portland Trail Blazers defeated the visiting Los Angeles Clippers on Monday , 131 - 127 . Portland ( 17 - 13 ) has been devastated by injuries midway through the season . Stars Damian Lillard ( ankle ) , who has n't spent the majority of the season , usual for the Trail Blazers ' Blazer . On Monday , scoring a game - high 39 points to go with three rebounds and six assists . It was an excellent night for the Blazers on the offensive end , as the team shot over 55 percent from the field and hit 10 three - pointers . The team also turned the ball over 10 times on the night . Los Angeles ( 17 - 13 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 10 - 27 start to the season . On Monday , the Clippers showed the intensity that led them to their playoff push , out - rebounding the Blazers by seven and coming away with 11 forced turnovers . Center Jusuf Nurkic led the team with 39 points and 11 rebounds , while point guard Patrick Beverley had 10 points and 11 assists . The Clippers will host the Grizzlies on Wednesday , while the Clippers will visit Dallas on Thursday . Los Angeles a battle of two of the league 's top teams , the Clippers will be able to make up for the absence of All-Star point guard Damian Lillard . Los Angeles will host the Mavericks on Thursday , while the Clippers will host the Grizzlies .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Dallas Mavericks 125 - 121 at Staples Center on Thursday . The Clippers ( 18 - 13 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Danilo Gallinari led all scorers with 32 points in 33 minutes of action . Danilo Gallinari led the Clippers in scoring with 32 points , to go along with six rebounds and four assists , while Harrison Barnes was the only other Clippers starter to score in double figures , finishing with 16 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . The Clippers ( 15 - 15 ) were led by Danilo Gallinari , who scored a game - high 32 points on 11 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with six rebounds , four assists and two blocks . J.J. Barea added 19 points and eight assists , while Montrezl Harrell added 18 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting . The Clippers play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Denver Nuggets on Saturday , while the Mavericks play the same day , in the second game of a strong back - to - back , against the Golden State - hot Nuggets , as the Clippers visit the Denver Nuggets ( 13 - 11 ) on Saturday , while the Mavericks play the Golden State Warriors ( day - 22 ) , in the same game , , against the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 2 ) , one of the season , and of the top - ranked teams in the Western Conference , facing the top seed in the Western Conference .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Denver Nuggets 132 - 111 at Staples Center on Saturday . The Los Angeles Clippers ( 19 - 13 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 21 - 10 ) 132 - 111 in a overtime thriller on Saturday . The Clippers dominated the game from start to finish , as they led for the majority of the first half . The Nuggets shot lights - out , hitting 58 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range . The key for the Clippers was the free - throw shooting , as they went 16 - for - 17 , with the Nuggets going just 20 - of - 25 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Clippers recording 28 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Nuggets committed just nine turnovers to 21 assists . The Nuggets ( 21 - 10 ) had to play this game without Miloš and that 's simply too big of a loss to overcome . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points , six rebounds and three assists . Tobias Harris was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Monte on deck for Denver is a road matchup with the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday . The Nuggets ( 21 - 10 ) have been struggling mightily , but this overtime win may give them some momentum for the final few weeks . Danilo Gallinari led the way for Denver , as he collected 21 points , four rebounds and two assists . Tobias Harris finished second on the team , dropping 21 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 20 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Sacramento Kings , 127 - 118 , in overtime Wednesday at Staples Center . The Clippers ( 20 - 14 ) came into Wednesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , as customary , the Clippers ( 20 - 14 ) were able to hold off the Kings ( 18 - 16 ) in the second half . The lead reached 39 points by the end of the third quarter , as Sacramento outscored Sacramento 25 - 33 over the final 11 minutes and kept the game within striking distance towards the end of the third quarter . The Clippers were led by a pair of 19 - point efforts from Williams and Harrell 's Harrell , with the latter adding six assists , six rebounds and two steals , and the latter hauling in three boards , dishing out six assists , recording a steal and a block . Avery Bradley was the only other member of the first unit with double digits in the scoring column , as he supplied 15 points , along with five boards and four assists . Boban Marjanovic paced the reserves with 22 points , which he supplemented with nine boards , an assist , two steals and five blocks . Avery Bradley had a near double - double with 15 points , nine rebounds , four assists and three steals . Willie Cauley-Stein ( 11 points , five rebounds , one assist and two blocks ) and Danilo Gallinari ( 14 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal ) were highly productive in reserve roles . Sacramento heads back home for a Thursday night date with the Lakers , while Sacramento remains home to tangle with the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday evening .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the host Los Angeles Clippers , 122 - 111 , at Staples Center on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Spurs left no doubt with this 7 - point win . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as they led for over 40 minutes of this game , with Los Angeles 's only lead coming in the first quarter . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with San Antonio outscoring Los Angeles , 39 - 19 . Rebounding was the biggest difference for the Spurs , as they won that battle , 49 - 40 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with San Antonio recording 27 assists to 15 turnovers , while Los Angeles committed 17 turnovers to just 22 assists . The Clippers ( 21 - 15 ) had to play this game without Pau Gasol ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Spurs team . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he collected 38 points , seven rebounds and two blocks on 14 - of - 23 shooting . DeMar DeRozan finished with 25 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and four steals . Rudy Gay went just 5 - of - 13 from the field , but finished with 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . Lou Williams led the bench in scoring , dropping 16 points to go along with his three assists . The Clippers will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Philadelphia 76ers . The Spurs ( 20 - 17 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he collected 38 points , seven rebounds and two blocks on 14 - of - 23 shooting . DeMar DeRozan finished with 25 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and four steals . Rudy Gay went just 5 - of - 13 from the field , but finished with 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . Lou Williams led the bench in scoring , dropping 16 points to go along with his three assists . The Clippers will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 119 - 113 , at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Sixers ( 21 - 14 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Clippers ( 21 - 16 ) was significantly helped by the Sixers of Joel Embiid 's 28 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Joel Embiid led the way with a 28 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , three blocks and a steal . Jimmy Butler was right behind him with a 16 - point , four - assist effort that also included six rebounds , one steal and one block . Montrezl Harrell provided 20 points in just 18 minutes , while Montrezl Harrell tallied 20 points in just 25 minutes off the bench . Harris added six rebounds , three assists and three steals to his team - high scoring total . Jimmy Butler was right behind him with 16 points , four assists , six rebounds and one block . Montrezl Harrell provided a near double - double off the bench with 20 points and 10 boards . The Sixers were led by a 22 - point , 10 - rebound double - double from Joel Embiid , which also included three blocks , three assists , one steal and three blocks . Danilo Gallinari tallied 21 points , seven rebounds , three assists and one steal . J.J. Redick managed 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Ben Simmons led the bench with 14 points , eight boards , eight assists , one block and one steal . T.J. McConnell generated 11 points , three assists , two rebounds , four steals and one block . The Clippers head back home to face the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday evening , while the Clippers head to Phoenix to tangle with the Suns on Friday night .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Orlando Magic , 106 - 96 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Clippers ( 23 - 16 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Magic ( 17 - 22 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . A balanced offensive attack was key , as Los Angeles posted a 43 percent success rate from the field overall and equally impressive 36 percent tally from three - point range . The Clippers were led by Tobias Harris ' 28 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Lou Williams followed with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds and four assists . Danilo Gallinari and Evan Fournier followed with matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds and two assists and the latter supplying four rebounds and one assist . Evan Fournier contributed 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . D.J . Augustin led the second unit with 12 points . Aaron Gordon was productive in a reserve role as well with 8 points , two rebounds , two assists and one steal . Nikola Vucevic posted a 16 - point , 24 - rebound double - double that also included eight assists and two blocks . Lou Williams led the second unit with 17 points , four assists and four rebounds . The Clippers head back home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night , while the Magic head to Sacramento to take on the Kings on Tuesday evening as well .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Charlotte Hornets 128 - 109 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The banged up Clippers ( 24 - 16 ) have gone through a brutal stretch of games , but erased a six game losing streak with a needed win at home . Lou Williams was the high - point man for the Clippers , leading by 27 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , including a perfect 2 - of - 3 from behind the arc . Four other players scored in double digits for Los Angeles , including Danilo Gallinari , who finished with 20 points , five rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block , in 30 minutes . Montrezl Harrell followed up with a double - double consisting of 23 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting , and 11 rebounds , in 29 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Charlotte was Marvin Williams , who finished with 14 points . Meanwhile , the Hornets struggled from the field , shooting 40 percent , including 4 - of - 33 from long range . Jeremy Lamb was the only starter to score in double digits for Charlotte , as he finished with only 16 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Clippers are now 5 - 6 on the road and will have to look to bounce back as they face the second night of a back - to - back , in Portland on Friday . The Clippers will have a few days off before taking on the Nuggets in Denver on Thursday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 109 - 104 , at Staples Center on Saturday . The Pistons ( 24 - 18 ) came in to Saturday riding high off a surprise home victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening , but they were a markedly different team on the second night of the back - to - back set . The Pistons ( 18 - 23 ) stymied Los Angeles to the tune of sub - 37 percent success rates from both the field and three - point range , while also eliciting 17 turnovers . Blake Griffin and Blake Griffin co - led the Pistons with a pair of 44 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , five assists , three steals and a block , and the latter supplying eight rebounds , three assists and three steals . However , he shot just 7 - of - 23 from the field , including 2 - of - 2 from behind the arc . Reggie Bullock followed with a bench - leading 17 points , and he added four assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Montrezl Harrell paced the second unit with 21 points , seven rebounds , six assists , four blocks and a steal . The Clippers were led by Danilo Gallinari 's 23 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists and a steal . Lou Williams was next with 22 points , three assists and a pair of rebounds . Reggie Bullock supplied 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Tobias Harris led the second unit with 11 points , 10 rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . The Clippers were led by Danilo Gallinari 's 23 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists and a steal . Lou Williams was next with 22 points , three assists and a pair of rebounds . Reggie Bullock supplied 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Tobias Harris led the second unit with 11 points , 10 rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . The Clippers were led by Danilo Gallinari 's 23 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists and a steal . Reggie Bullock followed with a bench - leading 17 points , four assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Reggie Bullock supplied 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Tobias Harris paced the second unit with 11 points , 10 rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . The Clippers head back home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday night , while the Clippers head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Utah Jazz on Monday evening .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 121 - 117 , at Staples Center on Monday . The Pelicans ( 21 - 23 ) came in to Monday 's contest with only four games remaining in the regular season , but this was a game against one of the NBA 's best teams in the league . The Clippers ( 24 - 19 ) were in urgent need of a win to keep their fading playoff hopes alive , but it was ultimately the same story that led them to victory . The Clippers ( 24 - 19 ) stymied the Clippers ( 24 - 19 ) to 48 percent shooting , including 50 percent from three - point range . They also elicited 16 turnovers from the Clippers , while limiting their visitors to a 50 percent success rate from the field . Danilo Gallinari led the way with 25 points , four rebounds , six assists and two steals . Jrue Holiday was right behind him with 19 points , eight assists , five rebounds , three blocks and three steals . Elfrid Payton filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , six rebounds and three assists . Elfrid Payton tallied 11 points , three assists and six rebounds . Lou Williams led the second unit with 18 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Tobias Harris was productive in a reserve role as well with 21 points , six rebounds , three assists and one block . Julius Randle matched Holiday 's point total and added six assists , six rebounds and one steal . Jrue Holiday tallied 19 points , eight assists , five rebounds , three blocks and three steals . Patrick Beverley went for a modest three points , but also hauled in 11 rebounds and dished out seven assists . The Pelicans head back home to take on the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night , while the Clippers head to Los Angeles to take on the Jazz on Wednesday evening as well .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 129 - 109 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 25 - 21 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Sunday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Wednesday , as he finished with 23 points , 22 rebounds , one assist , one steal and seven blocks on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Both teams play on the road on Friday , as the Jazz visit the Cleveland Cavaliers , while the Clippers visit the Golden State Warriors . The Clippers ( 24 - 20 ) shot very well , going 46 percent from the field and 45 percent from behind the arc , and Rudy Gobert led the way with 23 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , including a perfect 9 - of - 10 from the line . Five other players scored in double digits for Utah , including Jae Crowder , who finished with 23 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 5 - of - 11 from long range . Kyle Korver was solid in 24 minutes off the bench , shooting 5 - of - 8 on his way to 19 points . Next up , the Clippers play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Warriors on Friday , while the Clippers host the Warriors on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Los Angeles Clippers , 112 - 94 , at Staples Center on Friday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Warriors left no doubt with this 26 - point win . It was a wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a none - digit lead for the majority of this game . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Clippers to 36 percent from the field and 16 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 32 - 14 ) have now lost 13 of their last 11 games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Stephen Curry led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Kevin Durant was second on the team , with 24 points , seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating seven points , eight rebounds , nine assists and two steals . Golden State 's next game will be on Sunday , when they take on the Los Angeles Lakers . The Warriors ( 32 - 14 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 16 games at home . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , as he provided 28 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 18 shooting . DeMarcus Cousins went just 5 - of - 11 from the field , but finished with 14 points , six rebounds and three assists . Shai on deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Sacramento Kings 122 - 108 at Staples Center on Sunday . The Clippers ( 28 - 22 ) grabbed their first win of the season in emphatic fashion against a tough opponent in the Kings ( 25 - 25 ) . Los Angeles shot 48 percent from the field , but struggled from behind the arc , shooting 38 percent from the field and 38 percent from long range . Seven players finished in double digits for Los Angeles , including all five starters . Montrezl Harrell was the high - point man for Sacramento , with 25 points on 11 - of - 13 shooting , in 29 minutes off the bench . Tobias Harris followed up with 18 points , while Patrick Beverley chipped in 16 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , including 3 - of - 9 from deep . The only other player to score in double digits for Los Angeles was Iman Shumpert , who chipped in 16 points on 6 - of - 17 shooting , including 2 - of - 9 from long range , in 31 minutes off the bench . The Clippers shot 48 percent from the field , while holding the Kings to only 40 percent shooting . All five starters scored in double digits for Sacramento , led by Montrezl Harrell 's 25 points and seven rebounds , in 29 minutes off the bench . Buddy Hield added 16 points , four rebounds and two assists , while Marvin Bagley chipped in 14 points and five rebounds . The Kings will look to get back on track as they play host to the Hawks on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 123 - 118 at Staples Center on Monday . The Hawks ( 16 - 33 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after John Collins led the way with 32 points , 27 rebounds and seven assists . The Hawks offense was humming , as they shot 51 percent from the floor and assisted on 28 of their 44 made baskets . Louis Williams scored 21 points off the bench and scored 21 on an ultra - efficient 4 - 17 shooting . The Hawks shot a sharp 51 percent from the field and knocked down 10 - of - 34 three - point attempts . Atlanta was led by 26 points and eight assists from Young , who shot 10 - of - 18 from the field , including 2 - of - 7 from three - point range . John Collins added 22 points and Patrick Beverley notched 10 assists . Jeremy Lin came off the bench to score 10 points on 3 - of - 8 shooting and dished out four assists . The Hawks shot 51 percent as a team and knocked down 10 - of - 34 attempts from beyond the arc . The Clippers , meanwhile , shot a paltry 10 percent from the floor as a team . Harris led the way with 30 points , while Dewayne Len added 18 points and four rebounds off the bench . Both teams play on Thursday , as the Clippers host the Los Angeles Lakers , while the Hawks travel to Sacramento to take on a Kings Thursday night .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 123 - 120 , Thursday at Staples Center . The Lakers ( 27 - 25 ) came into Thursday 's matchup as one of the best road teams in the NBA , boasting a 7 - 15 record away from home . They were , however , able to end a three - game losing streak and pull this one out , but it did n't come without a few heroic offensive performances . Lou Williams led the way for Los Angeles , putting up a team - high 24 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting in 40 minutes . Rajon Rondo recorded a double - double in the victory , recording 14 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting and seven assists in 37 minutes . As a team , the Lakers were hot from behind the arc , hitting 11 of their 26 shots from long range ( 42 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Clippers , despite their game being all but over , they still managed to put together a inspiring performance in front of their home crowd . James led the way with a team - high 24 points and nine rebounds , while Patrick Beverley and Rajon Rondo each added 17 points . The Lakers ' next game is on the road against the Detroit Warriors on Saturday . The Clippers ' next game will be against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday , while the Clippers will travel to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Saturday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 134 - 107 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Clippers ( 32 - 27 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They shot 47 percent from the field and only 27 percent from long range . Six players scored in double digits for the Clippers ( 32 - 27 ) , as Lou Williams led the way with a team - high 30 points on 12 - of - 16 shooting , in 32 minutes off the bench . Five other players scored in double digits for the Clippers , including Jamal Crawford , who finished with 17 points , and Montrezl Harrell , who chipped in 19 off the bench . The Clippers shot 60 percent from the field and 50 percent from long range , dished out 33 assists and held the Suns to only 47 percent shooting . Kelly Oubre Jr. was the high - point man for the Suns , as he finished with 28 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting , in 31 minutes off the bench . Jamal Crawford was the only other player to score in double digits for Phoenix , as he finished with 17 points , along with six assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block , in 16 minutes off the bench . The Clippers now head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Friday . Meanwhile , the Suns will look to get back on track as they play host to the Cavaliers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Dallas Mavericks 121 - 112 at Staples Center on Monday . The Clippers ( 34 - 28 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They shot 49 percent from the field and went 14 - of - 36 from behind the arc in their win over the Mavericks . All five starters scored in double digits for the Mavericks , led by Luka Luka Montrezl Harrell 's 32 points . Lou Williams was the high scorer off the bench with 21 points on 7 - of - 23 shooting , along with 10 assists and three rebounds , in 33 minutes off the bench . Four other players scored in double digits for the Clippers , including Danilo Gallinari , who finished with 20 points , on 7 - of - 13 shooting , in 26 minutes off the bench . Lou Williams was the only other player to score in double digits for the Clippers , as he finished with 17 points , along with eight assists , eight rebounds and one steal , in 38 minutes off the bench . The Clippers shot 45 percent from the field , while holding the Mavericks to only 49 percent . Montrezl Harrell was the high - point man for the 'Wolves with 32 points on 14 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with five rebounds , in 28 minutes . Dwight Powell was solid in 36 minutes off the bench , as he poured in 24 points , along with eight rebounds , four assists , two blocks and two steals . The Mavericks will look to bounce back , as they play host to the Pacers on Wednesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Knicks , 128 - 127 , in overtime at Staples Center on Sunday . The Clippers ( 36 - 29 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Knicks ( 24 - 24 ) , it was a well - rounded team effort that led to a stellar 54 percent success rate from the field that helped them overcome 16 turnovers . The Knicks were also able to shoot an impressive 49 percent from the field overall , including 54 percent from three - point range . The Knicks were led by Noah 's 17 points , which he supplemented with 12 rebounds , three assists and a block . Danilo Gallinari was right behind him with 20 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a steal . JaMychal Green was next with a near double - double of 16 points , four rebounds , two assists and a block . Montrezl Harrell paced the second unit with 18 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals . The Knicks were led by Landry 's 21 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and a steal . No other starter managed double - digit scoring , although Montrezl Harrell was only able to muster a 18 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two steals . Lou Williams was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 18 points , six assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Clippers head back home to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night , while the Knicks head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Knicks on Monday evening .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Oklahoma City Thunder , 118 - 110 , at Staples Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Clippers defense was especially efficient , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Los Angeles committing 11 turnovers to their 20 assists , while Los Angeles committed 11 turnovers to just 20 assists . The Clippers ( 38 - 26 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Russell Westbrook carried the load , as he tallied 32 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Dennis Schroder finished with 15 points , four rebounds and four assists . Ivica Zubac played well off the bench , amassing 14 points , seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Clippers is a road matchup against the Boston Celtics on Monday . The Thunder ( 40 - 26 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Lou Williams was the star of this one , as he provided 40 points , seven rebounds and five assists on 13 - of - 24 shooting off the bench . Paul George led the starters , as he collected 15 points , six rebounds and two steals . Dennis Schroder was the only other starter in double figures , as he collected 15 points , four rebounds and four assists . Jerami Grant led the bench with 12 points and four rebounds . Oklahoma City will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Boston Celtics .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Boston Celtics , 140 - 115 , at Staples Center on Monday . The Clippers were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Clippers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Celtics to 48 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The Clippers also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 29 - 29 and the points in the paint battle , 47 - 44 . The Clippers ( 41 - 29 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Terry Rozier led the way for Boston , as he tallied 26 points , two rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 14 shooting . Kyrie Irving finished with 18 points , two rebounds and 11 assists . Al Horford accumulated 10 points , one rebounds , four assists and two steals . Montrezl Harrell was huge off the bench , dropping 20 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 12 from the field . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 20 points , six rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 12 shooting . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday . The Clippers ( 39 - 29 ) are now 18 - 9 at home , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Lou Williams led the way for Boston , as he provided 34 points , four rebounds and five assists on 14 - of - 20 shooting . Danilo Gallinari finished second on the team , totaling 25 points and five rebounds . Montrezl Harrell was the only other player in double figures , as he dropped 20 points , six rebounds and two assists off the bench . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 125 - 104 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Blazers ( 41 - 26 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Damian Lillard . The Blazers point guard finished with 20 points , 3 rebounds and 12 assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting in 33 minutes . The bench was led by Sheldon Gilgeous-Alexander , who scored 15 points and grabbed two rebounds in 26 minutes off the bench . C.J . McCollum led the way for Portland with 35 points on 12 - of - 21 shooting , including 6 - of - 11 from long range , to go along with four rebounds , four assists and two steals . Damian Lillard struggled shooting , going 8 - of - 14 from the field , including 3 - of - 6 from long range , to go along with 20 points and 12 assists . Enes Kanter was the only other player to score in double digits for the Blazers , as he added 10 points , nine rebounds , three assists and one steal . Both teams play on Friday , as the Blazers will visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 15 - 51 ) , while the Clippers will visit the Chicago Bulls ( 38 - 33 ) , while the Clippers host the New Orleans - hot Bulls , who were on Friday as they host the New Orleans Pelicans . The Clippers close out the season on the road against the Bulls , also on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Chicago Bulls 128 - 50 on Friday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The Clippers were the superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went just 52 percent from the floor and a meager 52 percent from the three - point line . The Clippers were led by the duo of Danilo Gallinari and Robin Lopez . LaVine went 9 - for - 19 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 31 points , while also adding seven rebounds and seven assists . It was a new season - high in points for the guard , who 's now averaging 30 points over his last five games . Williams , on the other hand , finished with 31 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 10 - 13 FT ) , seven rebounds and seven assists , coming just shy of a triple - double , which was the most of his rookie season . He 's now averaging 7 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Getting the start at center , Montrezl Harrell continued to struggle with his shot . He went 9 - for - 18 from the field to score a team - high of 26 points , while also adding five rebounds and three blocked shots . It was a season - high in points for Harrell , as he 's only averaging 12 points per game so far this season . Also coming off the bench , Kris Dunn did n't dissapoint . He finished with 14 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) as well . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday , while the Bulls will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 119 - 116 , at Staples Center on Sunday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Clippers defense was especially good , as they shot 43 percent from the field , 82 percent from the free - throw line and 39 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with Los Angeles outscoring the Nets , 25 - 25 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Clippers recording 26 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Nets committed 14 turnovers to just 26 assists . Lou Williams led the Clippers in scoring , as he dropped 25 points , six rebounds and two assists of his own . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , finishing with 20 points and 11 rebounds . Patrick Beverley was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 10 points , four rebounds and two assists . Montrezl Harrell was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 20 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 17 shooting . On deck for Los Angeles is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday . The Clippers ( 41 - 30 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Lou Williams led the way for Brooklyn , as he provided 25 points , six rebounds and two assists off the bench . Montrezl Harrell was second on the team , as he dropped 20 points and 10 rebounds off the bench off the bench . Caris LeVert also played well off the bench , accruing 12 points , four rebounds and seven assists . The Nets will play the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday for their next game .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Indiana Pacers , 115 - 109 , at Staples Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , the Clippers were able to prevail with a much needed win . They took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring Indiana , 26 - 34 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with the Clippers recording 28 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Pacers committed 20 turnovers to just 30 assists . The Clippers ( 42 - 28 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Danilo Gallinari carried the load , as he led the team with 24 points and two rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was n't far behind , totaling 19 points and five rebounds . Domantas Beverley recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 16 rebounds . Myles Turner was the only other starter in double figures , providing 11 points , five rebounds , two assists and five blocks . The Pacers ( 44 - 28 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Danilo Gallinari led the way for Indiana , as he accrued 24 points , two rebounds and three assists . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 19 points , five rebounds and two assists . Domantas Sabonis started and totaled 13 points , four rebounds , five assists and three steals . Shai on deck for Indiana is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Cavaliers , 132 - 127 , at Staples Center on Saturday . The Clippers ( 46 - 31 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They entered the fourth quarter with a six - point lead and never let up , it would be the last lead they would have all game . The Clippers led by as many as 19 in the fourth quarter but the Cavaliers battled back to make it a one - point game with 2:56 to go . Both teams went scoreless from then , but JaMychal Green hit a three - pointer to bring the game within one point with just over :30 remaining in the quarter . Patrick Beverley had a chance to win it at the buzzer for the Clippers , but went on to put the ball out of reach with a layup at the buzzer to put the Clippers up by three . On the ensuing possession , Cleveland was able to salt the game away at the free throw line , as they went on to hit their three - point attempts to close out the game . The Clippers were led by 23 points and six rebounds from Jordan Clarkson , who converted 11 - of - 16 field goal attempts . JaMychal Green chipped in 18 points and 10 rebounds , and Tristan Thompson notched a double - double with 10 points and 10 rebounds to go with three assists and a steal . The Clippers shot an absurd 62 percent from the field and knocked down 15 three - pointers as a team . Clarkson led the way with 26 points ( 11 - 16 FG ) to go with two rebounds , two assists and two steals . JaMychal Green notched a double - double with 18 points ( 8 - 9 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) and 10 rebounds , and Tristan Thompson notched a double - double with 10 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and 10 rebounds . The Clippers take on the Memphis Grizzlies at home Monday night . The Cavaliers have three days off before they face the Cavaliers in Phoenix on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 113 - 96 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Clippers ( 47 - 31 ) improved upon their slight lead over the Clippers for the fourth seed in the Western Conference with a win over the shorthanded Grizzlies , as Mike Conley ( knee ) was sidelined for a second straight game . Delon Wright led the way for the Grizzlies ( 31 - 46 ) , scoring a team - high 20 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in 35 minutes off the bench . Six other players scored in double digits for the Clippers , including Montrezl Harrell , who finished with 20 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting , in 20 minutes off the bench , while Lou Williams chipped in 17 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , including 1 - of - 2 from long range , in 22 minutes off the bench . The Clippers were led by Danilo Gallinari , who finished with a game - high 27 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting , to go along with 15 rebounds and five assists , in 24 minutes . Chandler Parsons followed up with 17 points , in 27 minutes off the bench , while JaMychal Green chipped in 15 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting , in 31 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Grizzlies was Tyler Dorsey , who finished with 14 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , in 32 minutes off the bench . The Clippers will look to build on this win , as they head to Los Angeles to take on the Rockets on Wednesday . Meanwhile , the Grizzlies ( 31 - 46 ) struggled from long range , hitting only 8 - of - 33 . Danilo Gallinari led the way with 27 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting , including 1 - of - 4 from long range , in 24 minutes off the bench . Chandler Parsons followed up with 17 points , while Lou Williams chipped in 17 , in 24 minutes off the bench . The Clippers will look to build on this win , as they head to Los Angeles to take on the Rockets on Wednesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 135 - 103 Wednesday at Staples Center . After a high - scoring , competitive first quarter , the Rockets ( 51 - 28 ) wasted no time opening up the game in the second period and building their lead up to 10 points before entering the locker room . From there , Houston continued to pour it on from there and reached a lead as large as 22 points as the teams came into this one . James Harden led the way scoring for the Rockets , scoring a game - high 31 points and dishing out seven assists in 30 minutes , while Clint Capela posted a double - double of 24 points and 15 rebounds in just 29 minutes . As a team , the Rockets were hot from behind the arc , hitting 18 of their 38 shots from long range ( 47 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Clippers , they were led by a big performance from James Harden , who scored 31 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting from the field to go along with seven assists and seven rebounds in 30 minutes . The only other Los Angeles player to score in double figures was rookie Eric Gordon , who scored 15 points in 30 minutes . As a team , the Rockets shot 53 percent from the field and 47 percent from behind the arc in the win . Up next , the Rockets will head home Friday to take on the Knicks , while the Clippers will stay home Friday to play the Lakers .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 122 - 117 , at Staples Center on Friday . The Lakers ( 36 - 33 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Alex Caruso , who finished with 32 points , 10 rebounds and five assists , in 38 minutes . Alex Caruso followed up with 32 points , 10 rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block , in 25 minutes off the bench . JaVale McGee was solid in the paint , as he poured in 18 points , to go along with eight rebounds , in 27 minutes . The Lakers shot 45 percent from the field and 44 percent from long range , while they dished 28 assists . All five starters scored in double digits for the Clippers , led by Alex Caruso , who finished with 32 points , eight rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block , in 37 minutes . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 25 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals , while Rajon Rondo added 15 points and 12 assists . The Clippers shot 44 percent from the field and committed 11 turnovers , compared to the Clippers ' 11 . Up next , the Lakers play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Jazz on Sunday , while the Clippers will stay at home and play the second night of a back - to - back , when they play in Golden State on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Utah Jazz 143 - 137 Wednesday at Staples Center . After a high - scoring , competitive first quarter , the Clippers ( 48 - 34 ) wasted no time opening up the game in the second period and building their lead up to 17 points before entering the locker room . From there , the Jazz dominated the final three frames to notch a convincing win over a Western Conference opponent . Four out of Los Angeles 's starters scored in double figures , but the game 's high scorer was bench guard Grayson Grayson by Montrezl Harrell 's 24 points on 10 - of - 13 shooting . Los Angeles made 12 three - pointers , but it was their defense that ultimately led them to victory , as the team finished with a whopping 34 total assists . Los Angeles was led by point guard Tony Bradley ( 15 points , 1 - 12 FG , 4 - 2 FT ) , who made his presence felt on the defensive end with two blocks . Guard Lou Williams also had a big night for the Clippers , scoring 15 points ( 5 - 17 FG , 5 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) to go with seven rebounds , five assists and one block . The Jazz 's next game will be on the road against the Jazz on Wednesday , while the Jazz will be at home against the 44 - 106 on April April . The Jazz will be at Staples Center to face the Clippers on Wednesday , as they 'll hope to get back on track .
The Memphis Grizzlies took down the visiting Atlanta Hawks on Friday , 131 - 117 . Memphis ( 1 - 1 ) saw a well - rounded team effort in the win over Atlanta . Point guard Garrett Temple led the team with 30 points on 10 - of - 11 shooting , including five three - pointers . Point guard Mike Conley also had a big night for the Grizzlies , scoring a team - high 16 and dishing out 11 assists . The Grizzlies ( 0 - 2 ) , meanwhile , saw a rough night from the long - range . The team shot just 49 percent from the field , 47 percent from three - point range , and 58 percent from the line . Atlanta , meanwhile , saw a fairly dreadful offensive night . The team shot under 49 percent and made 14 three - pointers , but shot just 49 percent from the field . A big piece of the team 's success came from star center Marc Gasol . Gasol had 13 points , seven rebounds , and five assists . Shooting guard Garrett Temple also had a big night , scoring a team - high 30 points and hitting five three - pointers . The Hawks will play in Cleveland on Sunday , while Memphis will host the Jazz on Monday . Atlanta , meanwhile , will travel to Utah for a showdown with the Cavaliers on Sunday . Atlanta , meanwhile , will visit the Golden State Jazz for their next matchup , which will be on Monday as they take on the Utah Cavaliers .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Phoenix Suns , 117 - 96 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . Memphis were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Grizzlies pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 30 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Phoenix to 46 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Phoenix , despite committing eight less turnovers . The Suns ( 1 - 4 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Deandre Ayton was the player of the game , as he dropped a career - high 24 points on 12 - of - 13 shooting , while adding eight rebounds , five assists and a steal on 12 - of - 13 from the field . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled two points , three rebounds and two assists on 0 - of - 1 shooting . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 6 points , four rebounds and five assists . Memphis will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder . Memphis ( 3 - 2 ) have gotten off to a historically bad start offensively this season , but they were able to pull out a win here . Marc Gasol did all he could to keep the Suns hanging around , as he accumulated 19 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals in the defeat . Marc Gasol led the team in scoring , totaling 19 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals in the loss . Mike Conley provided 18 points and seven assists of his own . Memphis will look to get out of this slide on Sunday in a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Washington Wizards , 107 - 95 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided game . The Grizzlies ' offense was especially bad , as they shot 49 percent from the field , 71 percent from the free - throw line and 46 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Grizzlies outscoring the Wizards , 24 - 21 , in that quarter . Both teams really struggled shooting , as they both failed to crack 32 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Wizards ( 1 - 6 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . John Wall was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 22 points , while also dishing out seven assists . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Marc Gasol was the only other Washington player in double figures , as he accumulated 19 points , five rebounds , six assists and five steals . The Wizards will look to get out of this slide on Friday in a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder . Memphis ( 4 - 2 ) had a tough task here against one of the best defensive teams in the league and they nearly pulled out a upset win . John Wall led the team in scoring , tallying 22 points , seven assists and three steals in the win . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Marc Gasol was the only other Washington player in double figures , as he accumulated 19 points , five rebounds , six assists and five steals . The Wizards will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Utah Jazz .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Denver Nuggets , 89 - 87 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . This game meant much more to the Grizzlies than the Nuggets and they showed that in this one . In fact , Memphis pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Nuggets to 39 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists than Denver , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 6 - 4 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Denver just adds to their impressive resume ' . Gary Harris led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , two rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 16 shooting . Marc Gasol was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points , 12 rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks . Trey Lyles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Memphis will look to play better on Friday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets . Memphis ( 6 - 4 ) has been playing much better recently , but this was a tough task against a hungry Grizzlies team . Marc Gasol was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , 12 rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks . Marc Gasol was the only other Denver player in double figures , as he accumulated 20 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Memphis will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies with 32 points on an efficient 12 - of - 24 shooting , including 4 - of - 10 from long range , to go along with four rebounds , six assists , two steals and one block , in 42 minutes . Marc Gasol also finished with 18 points and 12 rebounds , while Garrett Temple added 17 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , including 3 - of - 6 from long range . Kyle Anderson was the only other starter to score in double digits , as he chipped in 16 points on 7 - of - 8 shooting , in 7 - of - 8 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Sixers shot 52 percent from the field and only 8 - of - 31 from long range . They also hit 10 - of - 15 three - point attempts . J.J. Redick led the way with 20 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , including a perfect 3 - of - 6 from long range . Ben Simmons was solid in 38 minutes off the bench , scoring 18 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting . The only other player to score in double figures for Philadelphia was Markelle guard T.J. McConnell , who finished with 16 points , seven assists , three rebounds , one steal and one block , in 16 minutes off the bench . Next , the Sixers will host the Heat on Monday , while the Grizzlies head home to take on the Heat on Monday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 96 - 88 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Utah . The Jazz actually led by 16 at the half and proceeded to outscore the Grizzlies , 70 - 17 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Jazz , as they held the Grizzlies to 42 percent from the field and 17 percent from three - point range . Utah also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , despite committing five less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 7 - 5 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Mike Conley led the way , as he tallied 24 points , four rebounds and three assists . Marc Gasol was n't far behind , as he tallied 16 points , five rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Derrick Favors recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 11 rebounds , three steals and five blocks . On deck for the Jazz is a road matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 7 - 6 ) have struggled all season and a meltdown like this to the best team in the league only adds to the troubles . Marc Gasol did all he could to keep the Grizzlies hanging around , as he accumulated 16 points , five rebounds , three assists and two blocks in the defeat . Joe Ingles led the bench in scoring , dropping 19 points to add to his six rebounds . Memphis will look to play better on Wednesday in a road matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Sacramento Kings , 112 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Grizzlies recording 24 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Kings committed 21 turnovers to just 23 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Memphis hitting 11 - of - 25 from long range , while Sacramento went 12 - of - 33 . The Kings also took advantage of the whistle , taking 15 more free - throw attempts than the Kings . Sacramento ( 8 - 7 ) had their opportunities to win this game , but they realized how tough it is to beat an efficient Memphis team . De'Aaron the Kings had five players score at least 14 points , with no one scoring more than 12 points . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he dropped 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Marc Gasol was their best player , as he accumulated 19 points , 14 rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Mike Conley finished second on the team with 19 points , three rebounds and six assists . Marc Gasol totaled 19 points , 14 rebounds and two assists . Memphis will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Minnesota Timberwolves . Sacramento ( 8 - 7 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those deficiencies . Marc Gasol was the star , as he recorded a 19 - point , 2 - rebound , 2 - assist , 5 - of - 5 from the free - throw line . Mike Conley was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds and six assists . Buddy Hield had one of his best games of the season , collecting 16 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals . Iman Shumpert provided 12 points and five rebounds of his own . Sacramento will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 98 - 88 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . The Grizzlies have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Mavericks in this dominating win . In fact , Memphis pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Mavericks to 34 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Grizzlies recording 12 more assists than the Mavericks , while committing nine less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 11 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Mavericks is just what the doctor ordered . Mike Conley led Memphis in scoring , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Marc Gasol was n't far behind , as he accumulated 17 points , 15 rebounds , four assists and four blocks in the defeat . JaMychal Green finished with 12 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Memphis will look to play better on Wednesday in a road matchup with the Brooklyn Nets . Memphis ( 11 - 5 ) have been playing much better recently , but this was a tough task against a hungry Grizzlies team . DeAndre Jordan was the player of the game , as he totaled 17 points and 20 rebounds on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Marc Gasol was the only other Dallas player in double figures , as he accumulated 17 points , 15 rebounds , four assists and four blocks . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the San Antonio Spurs .
The New York Knicks defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 103 - 98 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for New York . The second quarter was especially decisive , as the Knicks outscored the Grizzlies by 19 in that 17 - minute stretch . Defense was key for the Knicks , as they held Memphis to 44 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Knicks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Knicks ( 7 - 14 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 23 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 21 points and a career - high 26 rebounds . The Knicks will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Detroit Pistons . The Grizzlies ( 12 - 7 ) have now won seven - straight games , as they continue to FedExForum down the standings . Marc Gasol did all he could for Memphis , leading the team with 27 points , eight rebounds , four assists , two steals and five blocks . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 23 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Emmanuel Mudiay scored 17 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , while Trey Burke led the bench with 15 points . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 122 - 114 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Raptors holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Grizzlies to 51 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , despite committing four less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 12 - 8 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what they need to get going . Kyle Lowry was the player of the game , as he collected 24 points , two rebounds and six assists . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , five rebounds , six assists , three steals and two blocks . Kawhi Leonard collected 17 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 18 points and three assists , while Garrett Temple provided 12 points , four rebounds and four assists of his own off the bench . The Raptors ( 18 - 4 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Kyle Lowry was the player of the game , accumulating 24 points , two rebounds and six assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Kawhi Leonard was just as good , accumulating 17 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 18 points in 23 minutes off the bench . Toronto will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Golden State Warriors .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 96 - 86 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Clippers to 34 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 14 - 9 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Clippers is just what they need to get going . Mike Conley was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals . JaMychal Green totaled 19 points , 11 rebounds and two steals . Boban Marjanovic came off the bench to provide 12 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Things do n't get any easier for Los Angeles , as they play the Miami Heat on the road for their next game . This marks the Grizzlies ( 14 - 9 ) fifth overtime game this season , as they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out a win . Boban Marjanovic was the player of the game , as he provided 19 points and eight rebounds off the bench . Danilo Gallinari led the starters in scoring , dropping 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . Jaren on deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 111 - 88 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Lakers ( 15 - 10 ) checked in to Saturday as one of the best defensive units in the league , holding on to the Lakers ( 16 - 10 ) for a third straight game . The visitors hung tough on the defensive end , limiting the Grizzlies ( 15 - 10 ) to 40 percent shooting overall and a paltry 20 percent from behind the arc . LeBron James and Kyle Kuzma co - led the Lakers with 20 points apiece , and Kyle Kuzma led the way with 20 points , nine rebounds , six assists , two blocks and one steal . The Lakers were led by Wayne Selden 's team - high 17 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope followed with 16 points , one rebound , one assist , one steal and one block . Marc Gasol had a near double - double with 11 points , six rebounds , three assists , two blocks and one steal . Tyson Chandler generated a modest four points but hauled in 14 boards . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's 17 points led the Grizzlies . Mike Conley was next with 12 points , three assists , one rebound and four steals . Marc Gasol contributed a 11 - point , six - rebound , three - assist double - doubling that also included two blocks , two steals and two blocks . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 10 points and 10 rebounds in a reserve role as well . The Grizzlies head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Monday evening , while the Grizzlies head to the Mile High City for a rematch with Denver on Monday night .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 92 - 83 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Grizzlies took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Memphis winning that quarter , 27 - 14 . Shooting was the key for the Grizzlies , as they shot 41 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Trail Blazers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Portland , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 16 - 11 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Blazers is just what they need to get going . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , as he tallied 40 points , five rebounds and two assists on 16 - of - 27 shooting . Damian Lillard was n't far behind , tallying 14 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Marc Gasol was the only other Portland player in double figures , as he accumulated nine points , seven rebounds and five assists . Memphis will look to play better on Friday in a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors . Memphis ( 16 - 11 ) have been playing better than their record would indicate , so a win here was just what the doctor ordered . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and six assists . Damian Lillard was second on the team , with his 14 points , six rebounds and three assists . Marc Gasol was just as good , amassing nine points , seven rebounds and five assists on just 4 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Blazers is a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Friday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 100 - 97 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Heat , as Memphis led by at least 22 points for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was key , with the Heat shooting 56 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies could only muster up 42 percent shooting from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Miami recording five more assists than the Grizzlies , while committing seven less turnovers . The Heat ( 12 - 16 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what they need to get going . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds , eight assists and three blocks . Josh Richardson was second on the team in scoring , dropping 18 points and five assists off the bench . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 14 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Miami will look to build off this win on Sunday in a road matchup with the New Orleans Pelicans . Memphis ( 16 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Mike Conley was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , three rebounds , eight assists , two steals and three blocks . Josh Richardson was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Tyler Johnson and James Johnson each scored 17 points a piece off the bench . Memphis will be off until Saturday , when they host the New Orleans Pelicans for their next game .
James Harden notched his 15th triple - double to pass Hakeem Olajuwon to become the Rockets ' all - time triple - double leader . Harden finished with 32 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , along with 10 assists , 12 rebounds and two steals , in 36 minutes . Clint Capela followed up with 26 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , in 34 minutes . Gerald Green came up big in 34 minutes off the bench , with 17 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long range , in his second start in place of the injured John Wall . Meanwhile , Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies , with 22 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting , in 37 minutes . Marc Gasol was solid with 17 points , nine rebounds , four assists and three steals , in 32 minutes . Gerald Green was the only other player to score in double digits , as he chipped in 17 . The only other player to score in double digits for Memphis was Jevon by Jevon JaMychal Green , who finished with 13 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . The Rockets ( 16 - 13 ) were led by Mike Conley , who finished with 22 points , six assists and two rebounds , in 37 minutes . Mike Conley added 22 points , six assists and two rebounds , while Chris Paul added 10 points , 10 assists , one rebound and two steals .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 95 - 87 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Cavaliers to 35 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Grizzlies recording 13 more assists than the Cavaliers , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 18 - 16 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Cavaliers is just what they need to get going . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 24 points , five rebounds , two assists and three steals on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Mike Conley finished second on the team , totaling 15 points , eight assists and two steals . Kyle Anderson was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , three rebounds , three assists and three blocks . The Grizzlies ( 8 - 27 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jordan Clarkson led the way , as he tallied 24 points , five rebounds and two assists . Mike Conley finished second on the team , totaling 15 points , two assists and two steals . Kyle Anderson collected 15 points , three rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Kyle Anderson provided 15 points , three rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Cleveland will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Boston Celtics .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 112 - 103 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Celtics holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Grizzlies to 47 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . The Celtics also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Celtics ( 21 - 14 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what they need to get going . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds , six assists and three steals . Marcus Morris was second on the team , providing 22 points and four rebounds . Marc Gasol recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , three rebounds , 10 assists and two steals . Gordon Hayward finished with 14 points , three rebounds and four assists . Boston will look to keep rolling on Monday against the San Antonio Spurs . The Grizzlies ( 18 - 17 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he accumulated 26 points , four rebounds and 13 assists . Marcus Morris finished second on the team , totaling 22 points and four rebounds . Marc Gasol finished with 15 points , three rebounds and 10 assists . On deck for the Celtics is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 17 - 19 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 18 - 19 ) 101 - 94 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Pistons came out strong in this game , out - scoring the Grizzlies 26 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Pistons were the superior shooters in this game , going 43 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies went just 46 percent from the floor and a meager 22 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Grizzlies into 21 turnovers , while committing only 7 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Blake Griffin , who went 11 - for - 23 from the floor and 2 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 26 points , while also adding eight rebounds and two steals . He 's played well of late , averaging 17 points and 8 rebounds over his last five games . Reggie Jackson was a big factor in the win as well , finishing with 16 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt ) , seven rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 11 points and 2 rebounds on the year . The Grizzlies ' next game will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Saturday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 109 - 100 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Nets took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Brooklyn winning that quarter , 22 - 21 . Shooting was the big difference , with the Nets shooting 46 percent to the Grizzlies 45 percent . Brooklyn also took care of the defensive rebounding , winning that battle , 22 - 25 . The Nets ( 18 - 20 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Mike Conley led the way , as he tallied 31 points , three rebounds , two assists and four steals . Kyle Anderson recorded a triple - double , as he collected 11 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in triple figures , as he accumulated 13 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . On deck for the Grizzlies is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday . The Grizzlies ( 18 - 20 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . D'Angelo Russell did all he could for Memphis , as he led the team with 23 points , four rebounds and four assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , with his 20 points , five rebounds and two steals . Marc Gasol totaled 13 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 96 - 86 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Spurs to 36 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than San Antonio , while committing five less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 18 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Spurs is just what they need to get going . Marco Belinelli led the team in scoring , as he dropped 14 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting off the bench . JaMychal Green recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 11 rebounds . DeMar DeRozan really struggled , as he went just 4 - of - 15 from the field to accrue nine points , five rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Spurs is a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Heat on Thursday . The Spurs ( 24 - 18 ) have now won four - straight games , as their defense continues to let them down . Marc Gasol did all he could for San Antonio , as he led the team with 26 points and 14 rebounds . Mike Conley was n't far behind , accumulating 15 points , two rebounds and six assists . LaMarcus Aldridge went just 4 - of - 12 from the field , but still finished with 13 points .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 111 - 101 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Milwaukee offense was lights - out , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bucks recording 27 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed 14 turnovers to 29 assists . Memphis had one of their best offensive games of the season , going 48 percent from the field , 35 percent from three - point range and 68 percent from the free - throw line . The Grizzlies also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 50 - 48 . Omri Casspi led the way for Memphis , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Eric Bledsoe finished with 16 points , two rebounds , four assists and three steals . JaMychal Green totaled 14 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Omri Casspi led the bench in scoring , providing 11 points and six assists . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 25 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Memphis , as he tallied 27 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and two blocks . JaMychal Green was second among starters , finishing with 14 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Mike Conley led the bench in scoring , providing 14 points and three assists . The Grizzlies will look to get out of this slide on Saturday against the Boston Celtics .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 105 - 85 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for New Orleans . The second quarter is where New Orleans really turned out , as they outscored the Grizzlies , 28 - 18 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with New Orleans recording 19 assists to 19 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed 11 turnovers to just 21 assists . Three-point shooting was a big key as well , with the Grizzlies hitting just 9 - of - 35 from long distance , while Memphis went 9 - of - 26 . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 28 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Marc Gasol did all he could for Memphis , leading the team with 22 points , eight rebounds and six assists on 9 - of - 19 from the field . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 21 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Elfrid Payton was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he accrued 9 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . New Orleans will play the Charlotte Hornets for their next game on Wednesday . The Pelicans ( 19 - 28 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , four rebounds , eight assists and four steals . Jrue Holiday was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 21 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Jaren on deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 23 - 24 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 19 - 29 ) 118 - 107 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Hornets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 23 - 22 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Hornets shot the ball well , going 53 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies went just 47 percent from the floor and a meager 29 percent from beyond the arc . The Hornets were led by the duo of Marc Gasol and Nicolas Batum . Gasol recorded a triple - triple with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 17 rebounds and 10 assists , while Gasol posted 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and 17 rebounds . It was his third triple - triple of the season , going for 22 points , 17 rebounds and 10 assists , as he 's been one of the few bright spots for the Grizzlies this season . Nicolas Batum was also very effective , finishing with 18 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , four rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 11 points and 12 rebounds on the year . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 99 - 96 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Kings left no doubt who the better team was . It was a wire - to - wire win for Sacramento , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 36 minutes . Defense was key for the Kings , as they held the Grizzlies to 42 percent from the field , 30 percent from three - point range and 81 percent from the free - throw line . The Kings also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 44 . Omri Casspi led the way for Memphis , as he tallied 18 points , five rebounds and four steals . Nemanja Bjelica finished second on the team with 17 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and three steals off the bench . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 11 points and 10 rebounds . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Nemanja Bjelica recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 17 points , 11 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Kings is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 30 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Omri Casspi led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting off the bench . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 11 points , 10 rebounds and four steals in the defeat . Memphis will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Indiana Pacers , 106 - 103 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Pacers to 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Indiana , despite committing seven less turnovers . Indiana ( 20 - 30 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Mike Conley carried the load , as he tallied 22 points , four rebounds , 11 assists and two steals . Marc Gasol was n't far behind , as he accumulated 18 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Justin Holiday was a huge spark off the bench , providing 16 points , a rebound , four assists and two steals . Memphis will host the Denver Nuggets on Monday for their next game . The Pacers ( 32 - 16 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 33 games at home . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , accruing 21 points , five rebounds and two steals . Marc Gasol totaled 18 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals . Darren Collison was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he accrued 18 points and nine assists . Memphis will look to build off this win on Monday in a road matchup versus the Denver Nuggets .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 95 - 92 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Denver . The Nuggets actually led by 36 at times in their win and never relinquished the lead , pulling out a wire - to - wire win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor , with Denver going 13 - of - 14 from the charity stripe , while Memphis went 13 - of - 19 . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Nuggets ( 34 - 15 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Nikola Jokic led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points , five rebounds and four assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Mike Conley was n't far behind , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Will Barton was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , five rebounds and two assists . Malik Beasley led the bench with 18 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Denver 's next game is on Wednesday , when they play the New Orleans Pelicans on the road . The Nuggets ( 34 - 31 ) have been dominant at home all season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Marc Gasol was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 19 shooting . Mike Conley finished second on the team with 23 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Will Barton was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , five rebounds and two assists .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 108 - 106 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided game . The Grizzlies ' offense was especially bad , as they shot 42 percent from the field , 72 percent from the free - throw line and 44 percent from three - point range . The key for Memphis was the assist - to - turnover ratio , as they recorded 18 assists to just eight turnovers , while the Timberwolves committed 15 turnovers to just 26 assists . The Grizzlies ( 22 - 28 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load for the Wolves , as he tallied 26 points , 18 rebounds and three assists . Dario Saric was second on the team with 22 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Ivan Rabb drew the start at power forward and finished with 19 points , 11 rebounds , two steals and a block . Andrew Wiggins finished with 12 points , six rebounds and two steals , while Justin Holiday led the bench with 17 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals . Minnesota will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Orlando Magic . Minnesota ( 22 - 33 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , three rebounds , nine assists and three steals . Jaren on deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Thursday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 99 - 90 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Pelicans to 40 percent from the field and 18 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 45 - 52 . The Pelicans ( 25 - 32 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Grizzlies team . Anthony Davis did all he could to keep the Pelicans hanging around , as he accumulated 14 points , 16 rebounds , six assists and two blocks in the defeat . Justin Holiday was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 15 points , five rebounds and three assists . Justin Holiday led the bench in scoring , dropping 15 points , five rebounds and three assists . The Grizzlies will play the Orlando Magic on Tuesday for their next game . The Grizzlies ( 25 - 32 ) had won 10 - straight headed into this game , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . Joakim Noah was the player of the game , as he led the team with 19 points and 14 rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Anthony Davis finished second on the team , totaling 14 points , 16 rebounds , six assists , two steals and two blocks . Kenrich on deck for New Orleans is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 108 - 107 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Spurs holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Spurs , as they held the Grizzlies to 49 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . San Antonio also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Spurs ( 33 - 26 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Avery Bradley did all he could for Memphis , as he led the team with 33 points , six rebounds and six assists . Jonas Valanciunas was second on the team , as he totaled 23 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 11 shooting . Rudy Gay went just 4 - of - 11 from the field , but finished with 15 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , four rebounds and two assists . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Toronto Raptors . The Grizzlies ( 23 - 35 ) had to play their last game without Pau Gasol ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Spurs team . LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games in a Memphis uniform , collecting 22 points , 11 rebounds and three blocks on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Rudy Gay went just 4 - of - 11 from the field , but finished second on the team with 15 points and 12 rebounds . Joakim Noah had a nice game , as he totaled eight points , four rebounds and four assists . The Grizzlies will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Chicago Bulls .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 112 - 106 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Clippers took care of business in this wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Grizzlies to 37 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Clippers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Clippers ( 33 - 27 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Montrezl Harrell led the team in scoring , as he dropped 30 points on 11 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . Lou Williams was huge off the bench , providing 18 points and eight assists . Joakim Noah recorded a double - double , totaling 22 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Lou Williams was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 18 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . The Clippers ( 33 - 27 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . Mike Conley was the player of the game , as he accumulated 25 points , three rebounds and 10 assists . Joakim Noah finished second on the team , totaling 22 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Avery Bradley amassed 17 points , three rebounds and two steals . Ivan Rabb came off the bench to tally 15 points and nine rebounds . The Grizzlies will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Denver Nuggets .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 110 - 105 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided matchup . The Grizzlies ' offense was especially bad , as they shot 44 percent from the field , 83 percent from the free - throw line and 25 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Grizzlies outscoring the Lakers , 27 - 25 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Grizzlies recording 20 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Lakers committed 17 turnovers to 25 assists . The Lakers ( 29 - 31 ) had a tough task here in the second half of a back - to - back in their first win and they did n't disappoint . LeBron James carried the load , as he tallied 24 points , 12 rebounds and 11 assists en route to a triple - double . Brandon Ingram was second on the team , as he scored a career - high 32 points on 12 - of - 18 shooting off the bench . Joakim Noah recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds in his return from a one - game absence . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points and 13 rebounds in the win . The Lakers will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the New Orleans Pelicans . The Grizzlies ( 24 - 38 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 30 points , two rebounds and five assists on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks . Avery Bradley matched his 15 points and also added six rebounds and three assists . On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 17 - 45 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 24 - 39 ) 109 - 107 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Bulls got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 20 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Bulls were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies went just 44 percent from the floor and a meager 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Bulls were also able to force the Grizzlies into 18 turnovers , while committing only 15 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Bulls were led by Zach LaVine , who went 12 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 30 points , while also adding four assists and a blocked shot as well . During his last three games , he 's now averaging 16 points , as he 's had the hot hand of late . LaVine on the other hand shot 7 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding 10 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 18 rebounds over his last two games . The Grizzlies also received a nice contribution from Lauri off the bench . Also coming off the bench , Justin Holiday went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 13 points . The Bulls ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Mavericks on Friday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 120 - 111 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . It 's rare to see Portland dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Memphis . The Grizzlies actually dominated the assist , as they won the rebounding battle , 34 - 36 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 34 . The Grizzlies ended up shooting 53 percent from the field , while holding the Blazers to under 53 percent shooting . The assist - to - turnover differential was huge as well , with the Grizzlies recording 22 assists to 16 turnovers , while the Trail Blazers committed 20 turnovers to just 25 assists . The Trail Blazers ( 39 - 25 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Mike Conley carried the load , as he tallied 40 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals . Delon Wright finished second on the team , collecting 25 points , three rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Maurice Harkless led the starters with 20 points , while Avery Bradley provided 14 points and three rebounds . Portland will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder . Portland ( 26 - 40 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a hungry Memphis team . Mike Conley led Portland in scoring , as he tallied 40 points , four rebounds and four assists . Damian Lillard was second on the team , finishing with 24 points , two rebounds and eight assists . Jonas Valanciunas was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 17 points and two rebounds on 6 - of - 7 shooting . The Trail Blazers will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Utah Jazz , 114 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Jazz to 43 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists than Utah , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 27 - 40 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Mike Conley carried the load , as he tallied 28 points , three rebounds , 11 assists and two steals . Joe Ingles was second on the team , providing 14 points and seven assists off the bench . Jae Crowder recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds . Rudy Gobert was the player of the game , as he amassed nine points , seven rebounds and five blocks on 3 - of - 6 shooting . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Utah will be off until Sunday , when they play the Oklahoma City Magic on the road for their next game .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 28 - 40 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 31 - 37 ) 105 - 97 on Sunday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Grizzlies got off to a strong start in this one , out - scoring the Magic 26 - 17 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Grizzlies were the superior shooters in this game , going 41 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic went just 36 percent from the floor and a meager 32 percent from deep . Nikola Vucevic was a big reason for the Grizzlies ' success , as he went 10 - for - 24 from the field and 5 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 26 points , while also adding 10 rebounds and a blocked shot . It marked his third double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 21 points and 13 assists . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Avery Bradley , who came off the bench for 21 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , two rebounds and two steals in 37 minutes . He 's been filling up the stat sheet of late and doing a little bit of everything , as he 's averaging 13 points , 8 rebounds , 2 assists and 3 steals over his last three games . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday , while the Magic will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 29 - 42 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 45 - 27 ) 126 - 125 on Wednesday . James Harden was a lightening rod off the bench for the Rockets . He had 18 points to go along with seven assists in 45 minutes . The Rockets will have a quick turnaround as they travel to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday . Houston had their two - game win streak snapped with the loss Wednesday , but the fact that they 've started to compete on a nightly basis is a positive for the Rockets after their prolonged struggle to start the season . Mike Conley scored a game - high 35 points and also collected eight rebounds and eight assists in 42 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas scored a season - high 33 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting to go along with 15 rebounds in 36 minutes . The Rockets will try to right the ship when they host the San Antonio Spurs on Friday before heading into the All-Star Break . Memphis will be without big trouble for their next game , but they 'll be taking on the San Antonio Spurs the rest of the season , as the Rockets will travel to Orlando to take on the Spurs on Friday with two points in the second half of a back - to - back set . Houston has been one of the darlings of the NBA so far this season . They 're playing better than any expert expected , and that 's why Wednesday 's drubbing at the hands of the Grizzlies was more of a surprise than it would have been in the past . Joakim Noah ( ankle ) returned to action Wednesday and had nine points and eight rebounds in 22 minutes of action . The Rockets will host the San Antonio Spurs on Friday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 33 - 40 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 29 - 44 ) 112 - 99 on Saturday . Minnesota came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Mike Conley was key , as he scored a game - high 23 points , while also adding three assists and two steals . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 14 rebounds and three blocks in the win . Josh Okogie played well off the bench , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Timberwolves is a matchup with the Oklahoma City Clippers on Tuesday . Minnesota got out to a hot start here and never looked back after that . All five starters scored in double - figures , with Karl-Anthony Towns leading the team with 33 points . Jonas Valanciunas also had a nice game , as he double - doubled in a 20 - point , 14 - rebound performance . The Timberwolves will look to bounce - back in their next game on Monday against the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Timberwolves have been playing better recently , but this was a tough task against the gritty Timberwolves team . Karl-Anthony Towns was a beast , as he tallied 33 points , 23 rebounds and three assists while Jonas Valanciunas was also huge , as he amassed 20 points and 14 rebounds of his own . Josh Okogie also had a great game off the bench , as he contributed 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . Up next for the Timberwolves is a matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 115 - 103 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided game . The Grizzlies ended up shooting 45 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , with Memphis recording 31 assists to 11 turnovers , while Oklahoma City committed 10 turnovers to just 17 assists . The Grizzlies ( 30 - 31 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 30 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . Dennis Schroder finished with 25 points , three rebounds and three assists . Jonas Valanciunas totaled 18 points and 14 rebounds . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Paul George led the Thunder in scoring , as he tallied 30 points and 12 rebounds on 10 - of - 29 from the field . Russell Westbrook accumulated 16 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 18 points and 3 rebounds . The Grizzlies will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers . The Grizzlies ( 30 - 44 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Paul George continued his tear , as he tallied 30 points , 12 rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 29 shooting . Dennis Schroder finished second on the team , totaling 25 points , three rebounds and three assists . Jonas Valanciunas collected 18 points and 14 rebounds . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , seven rebounds , five assists and two steals . Memphis will host the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday for their next game .
The Golden State Warriors ( 51 - 23 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 30 - 45 ) 118 - 103 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Warriors got off to a strong start in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 31 - 37 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Warriors shot the ball well , going 54 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies went 39 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from deep . The Warriors ' superstar backcourt of Stephen Curry and Mike Conley did most of the damage to the Warriors . Curry went 7 - for - 20 from the field and 6 - for - 12 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding seven assists and a blocked shot . It was his second 28 - point performance in a row , as he 's been a big reason for the Warriors ' success this season . Mike Conley also did his best to keep the Grizzlies in this game , going 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points , while also adding eight assists . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 45 points and 10 assists over his last two games . Conley on the other hand shot 5 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding eight assists . He 's now averaging 22 points and 7 assists on the season . Caboclo on the bench was Chandler Parsons , who added 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , five rebounds and two steals in 24 minutes . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Phoenix Suns on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 32 - 48 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 32 - 48 ) 129 - 127 on Sunday . The contest was a tale of two halves , with Memphis opening up a 26 - 26 lead after one quarter and never looking back . Dallas was led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from Justin Wright and Delon Wright , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists and two steals , and the latter hauling in a pair of rebounds and dishing out five assists . Dorian Finney-Smith led the way for Dallas with 24 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal . Dorian Finney-Smith was next with 16 points , three assists and a steal . Bruno Caboclo led the bench with 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Dwight Powell was productive in a reserve role as well , registering 15 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Justin Zeller was the fourth member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , amassing 14 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . Trey Burke paced the Memphis bench with 16 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . The Grizzlies remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home to face the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday . Memphis was led by Trey Burke 's 24 points , which he supplemented with two assists , two rebounds and a steal . Justin Zeller was next with 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Justin Zeller was next with 15 points , five rebounds and three assists . Tyler Zeller came off the bench to produce a productive 13 - point , 17 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and a block . Dwight Powell led the bench with 15 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Grizzlies remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 're home again on Tuesday to face off against the Detroit Pistons .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Golden State Warriors , 132 - 117 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Grizzlies recording 25 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Warriors committed 14 turnovers to 32 assists . That 's evident by the fact that the Grizzlies outscored the Warriors 41 - 27 in the final quarter . Golden State was lights - out from the field , shooting 49 percent from the field , 46 percent from three - point range and 86 percent from the free - throw line . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Golden State , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 33 - 49 ) had a tough task here against one of the best offenses ever , but they put on a show in the game of the season . Jevon Kevin Durant led the team in scoring , dropping 21 points and grabbing a career - high 0 rebounds in just 36 minutes . Klay Thompson was the only other starter in triple figures , tallying 19 points , two rebounds and three assists . Tyler Bell was the only other player in triple figures , as he accumulated 15 points , four rebounds and three assists off the bench . The Grizzlies will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Golden State Warriors .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Hawks , 111 - 77 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . The Hawks ( 2 - 2 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Hawks ( 25 - 25 ) in the middle quarters . Atlanta outscored the visitors by a 59 - 25 margin over the second and third periods , which helped them overcome 15 points and the final margin of victory . The Mavs were led by Kent Bazemore , who managed 32 points , three assists , three rebounds and three steals . Taurean Prince totaled 24 points , nine rebounds , three assists and a steal . Dennis Schroder was next with 16 points , six assists , seven rebounds , two steals and a block . Alex Len followed with a bench - leading 11 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists and three blocks . J.J. Barea was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , nine assists and four rebounds . Kent Matthews led the way for the home team with a game - high 32 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two assists and three steals . Taurean Prince followed with 24 points , four assists and four rebounds . DeAndre Jordan posted an 11 - point , 16 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks . J.J. Barea led the bench with 24 points , four rebounds and three assists . Dennis Schroder was a distant second behind Atlanta with 16 points , six assists , seven rebounds , two steals and a block . DeAndre Jordan posted an 11 - point , 16 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks . The Hawks head back home to face the Chicago Bulls on Friday night , while the Hawks head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Saturday evening as well .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 27 points , on 9 - of - 19 shooting , including 1 - of - 5 from long range , along with 11 rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 34 minutes off the bench . Jabari Parker added 18 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two blocks and one steal , in 34 minutes , while Ryan Arcidiacono was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bulls . He finished with 13 points , on 5 - of - 9 shooting , in 23 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for Chicago , led by Zach LaVine , who finished with 27 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting , in 35 minutes . Jabari Parker followed up with 18 points , while Jabari Parker chipped in 18 , to go along with eight rebounds and three assists . The only other player to score in double digits for Atlanta was Justin Holiday , who chipped in 12 points , along with three assists , five rebounds and five steals , in 23 minutes off the bench . Next , the Hawks host the 76ers on Monday . The Bulls will be in Philadelphia on Monday for their next game . The Hawks will head south to Philly for a game Monday , in what will be the second game of a four - game home stand for Chicago . Atlanta , on the other hand , will look to continue their hot streak as they host the Warriors on Monday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 146 - 115 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 13 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Kings going 14 - of - 35 from long distance , while the Hawks went just 8 - of - 31 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Kings recording 38 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 22 turnovers to just 26 assists . The Hawks ( 6 - 6 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Kent Bazemore led the team in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 5 - of - 7 from three - point range . Buddy Hield had one of his best games of his rookie campaign , collecting 27 points , five rebounds , six assists and two steals on 10 - of - 17 from the field . Marvin Bagley tallied 18 points and five rebounds . Atlanta will look to play better on Sunday , when they host the Miami Heat . Atlanta ( 2 - 6 ) has had to lean heavily on their starters all season long and all five players played at least 25 minutes in this tight win . Jeremy Lin led the team in scoring , as he provided 23 points , one rebound and one assist on 8 - of - 13 shooting . The Kings will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Miami Heat .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Miami Heat , 123 - 118 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Hawks have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Hawks holding a double - digit lead for the final three quarters . Defense was key , as they held Miami to 48 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 17 turnovers . The Hawks ended up shooting 52 percent from the field , while holding the Heat to just 48 percent . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Hawks recording five more assists than the Heat , while committing three less turnovers . The Hawks ( 3 - 6 ) continue to disappoint and falling apart in the fourth quarter has become all too common of a trend . Dwyane Wade had one of his best games of the season though , as he tallied 19 points , four rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting , Dwyane Wade was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , four rebounds and three assists . Justise Winslow recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds , eight assists , two steals and two blocks . Tyler Johnson was a huge spark off the bench , providing 17 points , four rebounds and four assists . Atlanta will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Charlotte Hornets .
The New York Knicks defeated the Hawks , 112 - 100 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . It 's rare to see Atlanta dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for New York . The second quarter was especially decisive , as the Knicks outscored the Hawks 26 - 30 in that 16 - minute stretch . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Knicks shooting 44 percent to the Hawks 32 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Knicks recording 15 more assists than the Hawks , while committing three less turnovers . The Knicks ( 4 - 8 ) continue to blitz opponents with their up - tempo offense , and the Hawks simply could n't keep up with the Knicks . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , accruing 34 points , four rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 22 shooting . Kent Bazemore was second on the team , as he dropped 16 points to go along with seven rebounds . Noah Vonleh recorded a 11 - point , 13 - rebound double - double off the bench . Atlanta will look to build off this win on Friday , when they travel to Toronto to face the Raptors . The Hawks ( 3 - 8 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Hawks , as they shot just 32 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he provided 34 points , one rebound and three assists on 8 - of - 22 shooting . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 17 points and 11 rebounds . Kent Bazemore was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 16 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Taurean Prince also played well off the bench , producing 16 points , two rebounds and three assists . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Friday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 124 - 109 , at at Philips Arena on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 7 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Pistons going 20 - of - 47 from long distance , while the Hawks went just 7 - of - 28 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Pistons recording 30 assists to 10 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 16 turnovers to just 17 assists . Three-point shooting was a big key as well , with Atlanta hitting 20 - of - 28 from long distance , while Atlanta went just 7 - of - 28 . The Hawks ( 3 - 5 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jeremy Lin led the team , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds , four assists and three steals . Stanley Johnson was second on the team , providing 22 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Blake Griffin accrued six points , nine rebounds , three assists and two steals . Stanley Johnson was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , seven rebounds , three steals and three steals . Detroit 's next game will be on Sunday , when they take on the Los Angeles Lakers . The Hawks ( 3 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jeremy Lin led the team , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds , four assists and three steals . Trae on deck for Atlanta is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 127 - 119 , in overtime Monday at American Airlines Arena . The Clippers ( 11 - 5 ) , who were coming off their worst loss of the season in overtime against the Brooklyn Nets , bounced back in superb fashion with a blowout victory over the Hawks ( 3 - 14 ) , who have now won two in a row . Los Angeles got off to a hot start , outscoring the Hawks 34 - 34 in the first quarter and never looked back . All five starters scored in double figures for Los Angeles , but it was n't enough to hold off the Clippers . Los Angeles shot 43 percent from the field and held the Hawks to just 45 percent , including 12 - of - 33 from long range . The Hawks , on the other hand , were not as fortunate with their shooting , as they shot just 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from behind the arc . Montrezl Dedmon led the way for the Clippers , finishing with a team - high 25 points and 11 rebounds in 31 minutes . Mike Scott added 18 points of his own , while Dewayne Dedmon recorded a double - double of 13 points and 12 rebounds in just 24 minutes . As a team , the Clippers shot just 30 percent from the field and recorded 24 assists to just 15 turnovers . Up next , the Clippers will head home Tuesday to take on the Wizards , while the Hawks will travel to Toronto on Wednesday to play the Raptors .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 124 - 108 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . It 's rare to see Atlanta dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final three quarters . Defense was key for Toronto , as they held Atlanta to 45 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 15 - 4 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jeremy Lin led the team , as he tallied 26 points , one rebound and two assists on 11 - of - 13 shooting . Kyle Lowry recorded a triple - double , totaling 21 points , 12 rebounds and 17 assists . Serge Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 19 points and nine rebounds . Vince Waller-Prince was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting . Atlanta will be off until Friday , when they host the Washington Wizards for their next game . Atlanta ( 3 - 15 ) had to play this game without John Batum ( knee ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Raptors team . Jonas Valanciunas was the player of the game , as he totaled 24 points and 13 rebounds on 9 - of - 12 shooting . Kyle Lowry recorded a triple - double , totaling 21 points , 12 rebounds and 17 assists . Pascal Siakam scored a career - high 22 points , adding four rebounds to his tally . Vince Carter was huge off the bench , providing 14 points and five rebounds . On deck for Atlanta is a home matchup against the Boston Celtics on Friday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 114 - 96 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Celtics took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Boston winning that quarter , 16 - 22 . Shooting was the key , as the Celtics shot 46 percent , while holding the Hawks to just 43 percent . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 31 assists to 16 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 20 turnovers to 22 assists . Jeremy Lin was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . Aron Baynes was huge off the bench , providing 17 points and two rebounds . All five starters scored in double figures for the Hawks , as Jeremy Lin led the team with 19 points , five rebounds and three assists . The Celtics ( 10 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jeremy Lin led the team , as he tallied 19 points , five rebounds , 10 assists and three steals . Alex Len finished second on the team , totaling 17 points and 2 rebounds . Kyrie Irving finished with 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . On deck for Atlanta is a road matchup versus the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday . The Celtics ( 10 - 9 ) have been playing better recently , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt . Jeremy Lin led Atlanta with 19 points , five rebounds , three assists and three steals . Kyrie Irving totaled 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . Alex Len totaled 14 points , seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and four blocks . On deck for the Hawks is a road matchup with the Charlotte Mavericks on Sunday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Hawks Hawks 124 - 100 at FedEx Forum on Sunday . Atlanta was expected to win this game easily , but Atlanta had other ideas . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Hawks recording 34 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 29 turnovers to just 29 assists . The Hawks ( 4 - 16 ) have now lost 14 of their last 8 games , as they continue to rise in the standings . John Collins led the team in scoring , as he led the team with 23 points and four assists on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds and nine assists of his own . Marvin Williams recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points and 13 rebounds . Jeremy Lin was the only other Hawks player in double figures , accumulating 12 points , three rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Hawks is a road matchup against the Hawks on Monday . The Hawks ( 4 - 16 ) had to play this game without Tony Parker ( knee ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Hawks team . John Collins was the player of the game , as he collected 23 points and 11 rebounds on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Marvin Williams finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 13 rebounds and four assists . Nicolas Batum accrued 14 points , four rebounds and five assists .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Atlanta Hawks 128 - 111 at Quicken Loans Arena on Monday . The Warriors ( 16 - 9 ) improved to 20 - 4 on their home court and saw a strong game from Stephen Curry , who led the way on the night with a team - high 30 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with two assists and three rebounds in just 29 minutes . Klay Thompson added 27 points on an efficient 10 - of - 20 shooting , while reigning MVP Steph Looney added 14 points , five assists , four rebounds , two steals and two blocks across 29 minutes of action . The Warriors were led by Stephen Curry , who finished with 30 points , two assists , three rebounds and one block on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Kevon Looney started in place of the injured Jeremy Lin and finished with 14 points , four rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks , in 28 minutes . Taurean Prince was the only other player to score in double digits for the Hawks , as he chipped in 14 points on 5 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with three rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 27 minutes off the bench . Six players scored in double figures for the Hawks ( 5 - 19 ) , but the Warriors shot 59 percent from the field and 13 - of - 26 from long range . John Collins was the high - point man for Atlanta , with 28 points on 11 - of - 14 shooting , in 29 minutes off the bench . Klay Thompson was the only other player to score in double digits for the Warriors , as he finished with 27 points , along with eight rebounds , two assists and a steal .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 131 - 117 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Wizards have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Hawks in this dominating win . In fact , Washington pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 32 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Wizards , as they held the Hawks to 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . Washington also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Wizards ( 11 - 14 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently . but this was a tough task against a hungry Washington team . John Collins carried the load for Atlanta , as he tallied 26 points and 14 rebounds on 12 - of - 17 from the field . Otto Porter was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Dewayne Dedmon started at center and totaled 10 points and eight rebounds . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 19 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup versus the Denver Nuggets on Saturday . The Hawks ( 5 - 14 ) have been plying better with their recent lineup change , but that was n't the case here . Bradley Beal was the star of the show , as he dropped a game - high 36 points , six rebounds and nine assists on 12 - of - 22 from the field . Otto Porter was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , 11 rebounds and five assists of his own . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 19 points and five rebounds . Thing 's do n't get any easier for Atlanta , as they play the Denver Nuggets on Saturday for their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Denver Nuggets , 106 - 98 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Atlanta dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Atlanta . The Hawks actually led by at least 16 points for the entirety of the second half , as the final 17 - point margin was their largest lead of the game . Atlanta was lights out from the field , as they shot 43 percent from the field , 69 percent from the free - throw line and 25 percent from three - point range . The Nuggets shot just 37 percent from the field and 25 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Atlanta winning that battle , 51 - 48 . The Hawks ( 6 - 20 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Denver just adds to their impressive resume ' . Nikola Jokic led the team in scoring , dropping 24 points and 11 rebounds on 12 - of - 17 from the field . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 30 points , 12 rebounds and five assists on 12 - of - 20 shooting . Steph Bazemore was a nice spark off the bench , providing 7 points , six rebounds , eight assists , three steals and two blocks . On deck for the Nuggets is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday . The Hawks ( 6 - 20 ) have struggled all season and a meltdown like this to the best team in the league only adds to the troubles . John Collins did all he could to keep the Nuggets hanging around , as he tallied 30 points , 12 rebounds and five assists in the defeat .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Washington Wizards , 118 - 110 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . It 's rare to see Washington dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Atlanta . The Hawks actually led by at least 35 points for the entirety of the second half , as the final 12 - point margin was their largest lead of the game . Atlanta was lights out from the field , as they shot 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . The Wizards were very efficient as well , as they assisted on 47 of their 37 made baskets . The Hawks ( 7 - 23 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Bradley Beal was the star , as he led the team with 29 points and 3 - of - 4 from three - point range . John Wall finished with 15 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Trae five players scored in double figures for the Hawks , as Jeff Green led the bench with 12 points . Washington will look to play better on Wednesday in a road matchup with the Houston Rockets . Atlanta ( 7 - 23 ) has been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Bradley Beal was the player of the game , as he accumulated 29 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Trevor Ariza finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Dewayne Dedmon started at center and amassed 15 points and 10 rebounds . Dewayne Dedmon started at center and totaled 15 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup with the Houston Rockets on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Hawks , 129 - 83 , at AT & T Center on Wednesday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Indiana offense was lights - out , as they shot 55 percent from the field and 73 percent from three - point range . The Pacers shot 55 percent from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . The Hawks ( 27 - 27 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Thaddeus Young carried the load , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and three steals . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 21 points and four rebounds on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Dewayne Dedmon recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 18 points , 15 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Victor Oladipo made his return from a knee injury to accrue 16 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Kent Bazemore led Atlanta in scoring , as he dropped 32 points on 14 - of - 25 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long distance . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Friday . The Hawks ( 9 - 12 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to thrive at home . Kent Bazemore led the team in scoring , totaling 32 points , one rebound and four assists on 14 - of - 25 shooting . Dewayne Dedmon recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 18 points , 15 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Victor Oladipo finished with 16 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Dewayne Dedmon started for DeRozan and accrued 18 points , 15 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for Indiana is a road matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 111 - 108 , at Palace at Auburn Hills on Saturday . The Hawks ( 11 - 24 ) checked in to Saturday 's contest with a dubious road record , as they 'd managed to only secure three wins in nine tries away from home . However , a standout effort from Atlanta 's veteran duo of John Collins and Cedi faced off at home . The two teams combined for almost 79 points in the first half , and the visitors pulled away in the second half , outscoring the visitors by a 57 - 27 margin over the second and third quarters . Osman led all scorers with a team - high 22 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , three assists and a steal . His performance spearheaded a 44 percent success rate from the field for the Hawks , which helped overcome their impressive road victory . Cleveland shot a solid 44 percent from the field overall , and an even more impressive 27 - of - 37 tally from three - point range . Larry Nance , Jr. was the high - scoring man led the Cavs with 18 points , which he supplemented with 15 rebounds , seven assists , four steals and a block . Alec Burks supplied 17 points , five assists , five rebounds and two steals . John Collins posted a near double - double with 14 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Jeremy Lin led the reserves with seven points , six rebounds , three assists and a block . The Cavaliers head back home to face off with the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night , while the Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Monday evening .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 12 - 27 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 19 - 19 ) 106 - 82 on Sunday at the American Airlines Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Heat 23 - 16 in the first quarter alone . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat went just 36 percent from the floor and a meager 15 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks were also able to force the Heat into 27 turnovers , while committing only 17 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Hawks were led by Derrick Jones , who came off the bench for 14 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and three rebounds in 29 minutes . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 56 points and 42 rebounds over his last two games . The Heat also received a huge contribution off the bench from out . Trae Trae went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 4 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 19 points in 29 minutes . The only other Hawk to reach double figures in points was Jeremy Lin , who had 15 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) and five assists . The only other Hawks player to reach double figures in points was Jeremy Lin , who scored 15 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) and dished out five assists in 16 minutes . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday , while the Heat will travel to Denver to play the Nuggets on Tuesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 12 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 13 - 30 ) 133 - 114 on Sunday at the AT & T Center in Atlanta . The Bucks got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Hawks 35 - 32 in the first quarter alone . The Bucks were the superior shooters in this game , going 53 percent from the field and 37 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went just 41 percent from the floor and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Bucks also out - rebounded the Hawks 39 - 54 , even furthering their advantage in this one . As has been the case all season , Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Atlanta , finishing with a game - high of 33 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 14 - 19 FT ) , to go along with six rebounds , three steals and a block . He 's been a force lately for the Bucks , averaging 13 points over his last five games , as he 's been on fire of late . Middleton on the other hand recorded 17 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , 11 rebounds and four assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . The 28 points were a season - high for Bledsoe , while it was his second double - double of the year . Khris Middleton also had a strong showing . He went 8 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding 11 rebounds in 28 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 26 points and 30 rebounds over his last two games . The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Tuesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 14 - 30 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 26 - 17 ) 142 - 126 on Tuesday at the Air Canada Centre in Atlanta . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 62 percent from the field and 49 percent from the three - point line , while the Thunder went 46 percent from the floor and just 28 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks were also able to force the Thunder into 41 turnovers , while committing only 18 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Hawks were led by John Collins , who came off the bench for a big night . He went 12 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 26 points , while also adding two assists in 28 minutes . He 's been absolutely phenomenal throughout the whole second half of this season and he continues to put up solid numbers lately , averaging 27 points and 6 rebounds over his last five games . Paul George also had a strong showing , finishing with 24 points ( 6 - 18 FG , 5 - 12 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , eight rebounds , three assists and five steals . It was his second straight night with 24 points , as he 's a combined 21 - of - 41 from the field over the last two games . Trae on the other hand was able to contribute 24 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) of his own , while adding three steals . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 21 points and 15 assists . The only other Hawk to reach double figures in points was Dennis Schroder , who had 21 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and six assists . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Thursday , while the Thunder will travel to Los Angeles to play the Lakers on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 113 - 105 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Hawks have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Celtics holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Hawks to 43 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Celtics also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Celtics ( 28 - 18 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kevin Huerter led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 15 points and three rebounds on 5 - of - 7 shooting . Alex Len went a perfect 7 - of - 10 from the field to collect 15 points , six rebounds and two steals . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 14 points , four rebounds and three assists , while Terry Rozier was huge off the bench as well , providing nine points , four assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Celtics is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Monday . The Hawks ( 14 - 31 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Kevin Huerter was the player of the game , as he led the team with 18 points , four rebounds and seven assists on 7 - of - 18 from the field . John Collins was second on the team , as he accrued 15 points , 11 rebounds and three assists off the bench . Jaylen Brown led the bench in scoring , as he dropped 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Atlanta will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Miami Heat .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 122 - 103 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . It 's rare to see Atlanta dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Orlando . The Magic actually dominated the shooting , as they outshot Orlando from the field , from three - point range and from the free - throw line . Rebounding was the glaring difference for the Magic , as they won that battle , 45 - 44 . The Magic also dominated the shooting , hitting 51 percent of their shots to Atlanta 's 45 percent . Nikola Vucevic was the player of the game , as he scored a career - high 29 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 14 points and 10 rebounds on 5 - of - 12 shooting . D.J . Augustin led the team in scoring , dropping 15 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . The Hawks will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game . Atlanta ( 14 - 32 ) has been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Nikola Vucevic led the way , as he collected 29 points and 14 rebounds . Evan Fournier finished second on the team with 29 points , three rebounds and seven assists . John Collins started and amassed 14 points , 10 rebounds and three assists .
The Toronto Raptors ( 40 - 16 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 18 - 36 ) 119 - 101 on Thursday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Atlanta , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Raptors recording 29 assists to just eight turnovers , while the Hawks committed 17 turnovers to the Hawks ' 25 . This marks Toronto 's third loss in their last seven games and they continue to be one of the hottest teams in the NBA . Pascal Siakam was a lone bright spot for the Raptors , as he scored 33 points and snatched down 14 rebounds in the win . Fred VanVleet also played well off the bench , as he amassed 30 points , five rebounds and six assists . Atlanta has a quick turnaround , as they play the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday in their next game . Atlanta has been playing their best ball of the year over recent weeks and it was good to see them win here . It was a team effort for Atlanta , as they had three players score at least 12 points . Trae Fred VanVleet and Taurean World led the team in scoring , as they scored 30 points apiece . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 30 points and five rebounds off the bench as well . Toronto will look to keep this momentum going against the New York Knicks on Saturday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 27 - 28 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 18 - 37 ) 129 - 120 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Hornets put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Hawks held the Hawks to 53 percent shooting and forced them to commit 18 turnovers . The Hornets ended up shooting 55 percent from the field , while holding the Hawks to 53 percent shooting . The rebounding was a huge difference as well , with Charlotte recording 30 assists to the Hawks 18 . Amazingly , the Hawks lost this game despite going 14 - for - 42 from long distance . Kemba Walker had one of his best games of the season though , as he accumulated 37 points , seven assists and two steals in the defeat . Jeremy Lamb was also great off the bench , as he scored 24 points and grabbed six boards . Up next for the Hornets is a matchup with the Orlando Magic on Monday . Charlotte is now 3 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . Kemba Walker was the star , as he scored a career - high 37 points to go along with a rebound and seven assists . Marvin Williams was one of the only other players who scored in double figures , as he amassed 17 points and four rebounds . Charlotte will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Indiana Pacers .
The Orlando Magic defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 124 - 108 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday . In a battle between two inept offenses , the Magic were able to prevail with a much - needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Hawks 26 - 34 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held Atlanta to 46 percent from the field ( 26 - of - 50 ) and 33 percent from three - point range ( 13 - of - 32 ) . The assist differential was huge as well , with the Magic doubling up the Hawks , 29 - 9 . Orlando also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 26 . Alex Len led the team in scoring , as he dropped 16 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting off the bench . Terrence Ross led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 18 points , six rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 12 shooting . D.J. ' bench was huge , as D.J . Augustin recorded 14 points and three assists on 6 - of - 9 shooting from three - point range . The Magic ( 25 - 32 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Nikola Vucevic was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points and 12 rebounds on 8 - of - 13 from the field . John Collins was second on the team , as he accrued 15 points , four rebounds and two assists . Evan Fournier was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Jonathan Isaac led the bench for Young , as he provided 17 points and three steals . Atlanta will look to build off this win on Tuesday in a road matchup versus the New Orleans Pelicans . The Hawks ( 18 - 26 ) have been plying better with their recent lineup change , but that was n't the case here . John Collins was the player of the game , as he led the Magic with 19 points and three assists on 5 - of - 12 shooting . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 15 points and four rebounds on 5 - of - 12 shooting . D.J . Augustin recorded a 14 - point , 10 - assist double - double off the bench . On deck for Atlanta is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 117 - 113 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . Despite the lopsided scoreline , this was a wire - to - wire win for the Hawks . The second quarter was especially decisive , as Atlanta outscored Los Angeles , 35 - 26 . Defense was also key for the Hawks , as they held the Lakers to 43 percent from the field , 68 percent from the free - throw line and 35 percent from three - point range . The Hawks really turned it on in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Lakers , 17 - 18 . LeBron James led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 28 points , 11 rebounds , 16 assists and three steals . Trae five starters scored in double figures for the Hawks , as Rajon Rondo led the starters with 13 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Brandon Ingram was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points , six rebounds and one assist in the defeat . The Lakers ( 28 - 29 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . John Collins led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Trae on deck for the Lakers is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Thursday . Atlanta ( 19 - 38 ) has now lost four of their last five games and losses like this show just how bad their struggling . John Collins did all he could though , as he led the team with 22 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Trae on deck for the Lakers is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Thursday .
The New York Knicks defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 106 - 91 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . The Knicks have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Knicks holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Knicks , as they held the Hawks to 36 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Knicks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Knicks ( 11 - 47 ) have just five wins in their last 14 games , with this being one of the worst offensive games of the season . Dewayne Dedmon led the team in scoring , dropping 21 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . DeAndre Jordan went just 4 - of - 4 from the field , but still finished with 10 points and 13 rebounds . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks . The Knicks will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Minnesota Timberwolves . The Hawks ( 19 - 39 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Dennis Schroeder led the team in scoring , tallying 19 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks . Atlanta will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 30 ) defeated the Pistons ( 32 - 45 ) 125 - 100 on Friday in Atlanta . The Pistons seized control of this game from the very start , opening up a 13 - point lead by the end of the first quarter and never looking back . They were led by Reggie Jackson , who scored a game - high 32 points on 12 - of - 22 shooting from the field on top of five rebounds and eight assists in 34 minutes . Andre Drummond recorded his fifth double - double of the season , finishing with 26 points and 21 rebounds . Vince Carter displayed his usefulness off the bench , scoring 16 points and adding three rebounds in just 15 minutes . As a team , the Pistons shot 48 percent from the field and 38 percent from behind the arc , while the Hawks shot 45 percent from the field and 48 percent from behind the arc . For the Hawks , it was a night to forget , with only three players managing to score in double figures . Andre Drummond was the player of the game , scoring a game - high 26 points , while shooting 9 - of - 13 from the field and 0 - of - 9 from behind the arc . In the end , six players scored in double figures for the Pistons , with Vince Carter scoring a team - high 16 points . The only other player to score double figures for Bruce was Vince Carter , who scored 16 points in 15 minutes off the bench .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 20 - 40 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 50 ) 120 - 112 on Saturday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Phoenix , as they shot 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Hawks won the game , as they outscored the Suns 50 - 41 in that 26 - minute stretch . Atlanta has been playing the best defense in the NBA over recent weeks and continued that form here . Kent Bazemore led the team with 23 points , while also providing five rebounds and an assist . No other player scored more than 14 points in the loss and that 's a good indication of how deep this Hawks team can be . They 'll look to build off this impressive comeback om Monday in their toughest test of the season when they take on the Houston Heat in the second half of a back - to - back . The Suns got it done with defense , as they held Phoenix to 44 percent shooting . The Suns were led by Tyler Johnson , who tallied 29 points , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks in the defeat . John Collins also played well , as he amassed 19 points , 2 rebounds and two assists in the defeat . The Suns will look to keep up their winning ways against the Houston Rockets on Monday , in a matchup where they should be double - digit favorites .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 21 - 41 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 29 - 32 ) 131 - 123 on Wednesday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Hawks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Hawks held the Timberwolves to 43 percent shooting and forced them to commit 6 turnovers . The Hawks ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while Minnesota shot just 43 percent on their end . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as the Hawks snatched down 65 boards to Minnesota 's 47 . The Timberwolves came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was the bench points , as the bench really struggled , but committed just six turnovers , while committing just six of their own . The Hawks have been playing better recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Hawks team . Karl-Anthony Towns was a beast , as he tallied 37 points , 18 rebounds and three assists in 33 minutes of action . John Collins was the only other Knick in double figures , as he scored 34 points and grabbed eight boards . Up next for the Hawks is a matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Minnesota . Derrick Rose had his best game in a Pacer uniform , as he led the team with 21 points and six assists . C.J . Bazemore had one of his best games of the season off the bench , as he accumulated 17 points , four rebounds and four assists . Up next for the Timberwolves is a matchup with the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 18 - 45 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 21 - 42 ) 168 - 161 , 168 the three - point court , 68 percent on the ball in the first half . The Bulls shot 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from beyond the arc , while the Hawks shot 50 percent from the field and 44 percent from deep . Otto Porter Jr. led the Bulls in scoring and finished with a career - high 47 points ( 17 - 35 FG , 6 - 14 3Pt , 7 - 11 FT ) , along with nine rebounds , two steals and one assist , in 55 minutes . Alex Len notched a double - double with 24 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 9 FT ) , 10 rebounds and two blocked shots , in 35 minutes . Otto Porter Jr. chipped in a double - double with 31 points ( 10 - 18 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 12 FT ) and 17 rebounds , along with four assists , in 54 minutes . Zach Porter chipped in 31 points ( 17 - 25 FG , 3 - 13 3Pt , 4 - 12 FT ) , along with nine rebounds , in 53 minutes . Robin Lopez tallied 11 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) , 11 rebounds , three blocks and one assist , in 39 minutes . The Hawks will have a couple days off before they play host to the Bulls on Sunday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 37 - 29 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 22 - 44 ) 111 - 104 on Wednesday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . The two teams combined for just 79 points in the first half and shot horrendously . The Hawks actually outshot the Hawks 39 percent to 49 percent and outrebounded them 49 to 47 . Atlanta also dominated in the paint , as they snatched down 47 boards to the Hawks 47 . The Spurs also shot 49 percent from the field , while holding the Hawks to 39 percent shooting . The Hawks played this game without Rudy Gay and he did n't miss a beat . LaMarcus Aldridge continued his fantastic form , as he tallied 32 points , nine rebounds and two blocks in the win . John Collins also played well , as he amassed 18 points , 10 rebounds and two assists in the defeat . The Hawks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday in their next game . Atlanta has been playing much better lately , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Hawks team . LaMarcus Aldridge had a monster game , as he collected 32 points , nine rebounds and two steals in the win . DeMar DeRozan only played 34 minutes , but tallied 14 points , seven assists and four steals . Rudy Gay and Derrick White were huge off the bench , as they combined for 32 points , 11 rebounds , nine assists and four steals in the win . San Antonio will look to keep this momentum going against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 35 - 33 ) defeated the Nets ( 20 - 71 ) 114 - 100 on Saturday in Atlanta . The Nets seized control of this game from the very start , opening up a 23 - 20 lead by the end of the first quarter and never looking back . They were led by Spencer Dinwiddie , who finished with a game - high 23 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , 10 rebounds and seven assists in 29 minutes off the bench . In his last two games , Allen has posted a triple - double in three of his last five games . Starting at point guard , Jarrett Allen posted a double - double of 20 points and 12 rebounds , while Jarrett Allen ( 20 ) and Taurean Prince ( 13 ) rounded out the Nets who scored in triple figures . DeMarre Carroll left the game early due to an ankle sprain , but he was able to play and put up eight points and five rebounds in 23 minutes off the bench . For the Nets , it was Spencer Dinwiddie who led the way with 23 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) and seven assists in 30 minutes . Jarrett Allen , who started at center for the injured Rajon Rondo ( knee ) , scored 20 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 10 - 16 FT ) , with 12 rebounds , two assists , one steal , and one block in 54 minutes of action . For the Nets , Spencer Dinwiddie led the team with 23 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 16 FT ) to go along with six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block in 29 minutes . D'Angelo Russell scored 18 points ( 6 - 23 FG , 3 - 12 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) and dished out six assists in 31 minutes , while Alex Len scored 15 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 0 - 7 3Pt ) , grabbed four rebounds , and recorded one steal in 29 minutes . The Hawks ' starting five combined for only 20 points , but it was n't enough to keep the Nets in the game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 23 - 45 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 30 - 39 ) 128 - 116 on Sunday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a result like this and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Hawks had a 26 - point lead headed into the fourth quarter . The key for Atlanta was their shooting , as they shot 49 percent from the field and 46 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , with the Hawks recording 30 assists to just nine turnovers , while New Orleans committed just eight turnovers to his 29 assists . The Pelicans ( 30 - 39 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Kevin Huerter was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , four rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 18 from the field . John Collins was second on the team , as he provided 23 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Alex Len finished second on the team with 19 points and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . The Pelicans will look to play better on Tuesday , when they host the Milwaukee Bucks for their next game . The Hawks ( 23 - 45 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Frank Jackson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , six rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting . John Collins was second on the team , as he accrued 23 points and 0 rebounds off the bench . John Collins was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he accumulated 23 points and nine rebounds on 9 - of - 15 shooting . The Hawks will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday for their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 24 - 45 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 28 - 41 ) 132 - 111 on Wednesday . The game was a tale of two halves , with Atlanta opening up a 33 - 28 lead after one quarter and never looking back . The Grizzlies were led by a pair of 27 - point efforts from C.J . Miles and John Collins , with the former adding three rebounds and a steal , and the latter supplying four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Alex Len was the only other starter to manage double - digit points , amassing 20 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Delon Wright paced the Memphis bench with 10 points , three assists , three rebounds , two blocks and two steals . Atlanta remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Saturday . Memphis 's attack was spearheaded by C.J. , who posted 33 points , 12 rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Mike Conley was next with 20 points , seven assists , four rebounds and a steal . Kevin Huerter was next with 16 points , five rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Delon Wright led the bench with 10 points , seven assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks . The Grizzlies remain atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and retain a hold of the eighth seed in the conference as well . They head to Boston to take on the Celtics on Saturday night .
The Houston Rockets ( 45 - 26 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 24 - 48 ) 121 - 105 on Tuesday in Atlanta . The Hawks seized control of this game from the very start , opening up a 14 - point lead at the end of the first quarter and never looked back . All the statistics were incredibly even , as both teams shot over 51 percent from the field and the Hawks went over 46 percent . The difference in this game was a huge factor for the Rockets , as they committed 19 turnovers to just 30 assists . The Rockets were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went just 46 percent from the field and a meager 38 percent from deep . Despite the loss , the Hawks were led by their superstar James Harden . Harden went 8 - for - 18 from the field and 4 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 31 points , while also adding 10 assists and a game - high of 12 steals . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 33 points and 15 rebounds over his last two games . The Hawks also received a nice contribution off the bench from Vince Carter . He went 5 - for - 8 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while also adding three rebounds and two steals . The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 25 - 35 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 42 - 30 ) 117 - 114 on Thursday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Hawks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Jazz held the Jazz to 46 percent shooting and forced them to commit 15 turnovers . The Hawks ended up shooting 47 percent from the field , while holding the Jazz to just 46 percent on their end . The Jazz have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Jazz team on Thursday . The Jazz shot 47 percent from the field , while holding Utah to just 46 percent on their end . The fastbreak points was huge as well , with the Jazz leading by 34 points for the majority of the game . The Jazz will look to keep things rolling on Saturday , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers in their next game . Utah came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 35 points . Donovan scored 18 of his points in the first half and finished the game 28 - of - 26 from the free - throw line . The hero was Derrick Favors though , as he tallied 15 points , 15 rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the win . Derrick Favors also had a nice game , as he amassed 15 points , 15 rebounds and two steals in the victory . The Jazz will look to keep things rolling on Saturday against the Philadelphia 76ers in their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 26 - 48 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 47 - 26 ) 129 - 127 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Hawks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Hawks held the Sixers to 46 percent shooting and forced them to commit 13 turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with Atlanta recording 28 assists to the Sixers 21 . The Hawks also shot 46 percent from the field , while holding Philly to just 46 percent . Philadelphia came into this game as huge underdogs in the second half of a back - to - back and it was clear they did n't have their legs underneath them . The Sixers shot 46 percent from the field , 85 percent from the free - throw line and from the free - throw line . Philadelphia did a great job of hanging around in this game , but just could n't prevail late . Joel Embiid had his best game of the season , as he tallied 27 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat . The bench was spectacular as well , as Taurean Prince , Taurean Prince and Ben Simmons all scored in double figures . D.J . Simmons led the team with 23 points , while Dewayne Dedmon dropped 17 points and eight rebounds of his own . Both teams return to action on Tuesday , as the Hawks host the New Orleans Pelicans and the Hawks host the Orlando Magic .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 48 - 27 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 27 - 49 ) 118 - 98 on Friday . Portland came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from Damian Lillard to steal a win . The key for Portland was their defense , as they held Atlanta to 40 percent shooting from the field and 24 percent shooting from three - point range . Portland also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 55 - 41 and outscored the Hawks in the paint , 56 - 45 . The Hawks ( 27 - 27 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Damian Lillard was spectacular in this game , as he accumulated 36 points , three rebounds and seven assists . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 20 points , two rebounds and three assists . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and eight rebounds . Portland will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Milwaukee Bucks . Atlanta ( 27 - 27 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . John Collins was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , two rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 20 points and three assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a double - double of his own , totaling 17 points and 11 rebounds . Up next for Portland is a matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 28 - 49 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 57 - 20 ) 136 - 135 in overtime on Sunday . Atlanta came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Justin Anderson led the way for the Hawks , as he tallied a game - high 24 points , 12 rebounds and three assists in the win . John Collins also played well , as he amassed 23 points , 12 rebounds and four assists in the win . Atlanta has a few days off until they play the San Antonio Spurs on the road for their next game . Milwaukee came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 9 points . Justin Anderson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points and six rebounds off the bench . C.J . Wilson recored his second straight game in a double - double , as he collected 17 points and 12 rebounds . The only other player in double figures was rookie big man , as he totaled 15 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Hawks have a quick turnaround , as they play the San Antonio Nets on Monday in their next game . The Hawks have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Justin Anderson led the team with 24 points , while also providing 12 rebounds and three assists in the loss . John Collins also played well , as he amassed 23 points , four assists and three blocks . The Hawks will look to keep this going against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 130 - 122 , in overtime at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . The Hawks ( 29 - 50 ) came into Wednesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Simmons ( calf ) . The offensive play ( 26 - 29 ) were led by Tobias Harris ' 21 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds and two assists . Jimmy Butler was right behind him with a 16 - point , 2 - assist tally that also included six rebounds and one steal . C.J . Simmons led the way with 30 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Jimmy Butler followed with 16 points , while Ben Simmons led the second unit with 15 points . All five members of Atlanta 's first unit managed double - digit scoring and the Hawks shot 52 percent as a team . Tobias Harris was a distant second on Philadelphia with 21 points , while Jimmy Butler was right behind him with 16 . Jimmy Butler was the only other double - digit scorer among the starting five , posting 16 points . Taurean Prince supplied 13 points , while Alex Len supplied 11 . Taurean Prince led the second unit with 13 points , while Taurean Prince supplied 13 . J.J. Waller-Prince led the second unit with 13 points . The Sixers were led by a pair of 30 - point efforts from Tobias Harris and Tobias Harris , who each contributed 21 points . Ben Simmons led the bench with 15 points , while Taurean Prince turned in 13 points on 2 - of - 9 shooting off the bench .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the host Pacers , 135 - 4 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . Indiana was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 22 - point margin . The third quarter is where Indiana really made their mark , outscoring Pacers , 36 - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Indiana recording eight more assists and the same amount of turnovers as the Hawks ' night . The Pacers ( 48 - 34 ) had to play this game without Thaddeus Young and Thaddeus Young , as they did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Pacers team . T.J. Leaf led the way for Pacers , as he tallied 28 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Alex Len finished second on the team , providing 20 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Alex Len recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 10 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks . Taurean Prince led the bench with 27 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Pacers ( 48 - 34 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Taurean Prince led the way for Pacers , as he provided 23 points , five rebounds and two assists off the bench . Tyreke Evans finished second on the team with 27 points , two rebounds and five assists off the bench . Alex Len recorded a double - double , amassing 20 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks . Kevin Huerter was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 17 points , five rebounds and three assists . The Pacers will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Pacers .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Miami Heat , 113 - 112 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 11 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than nine points . The key for Charlotte was the free - throw shooting , as they went 15 - of - 23 , while Miami went just 19 - of - 27 . Three-point shooting really killed Miami , as they went 11 - of - 34 from long distance in their win . The Heat ( 1 - 2 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . Kemba Walker did all he could though , leading the team with 39 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Goran Dragic was n't far behind , accumulating 20 points , four rebounds and seven assists of his own . Rodney McGruder got the start for Duncan and finished with 12 points , five rebounds and three blocks . The Heat will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Toronto Raptors for their next game . Miami ( 1 - 2 ) got some great performances from their stud players , but it simply was n't enough with a lack of production from their `` others `` . Dwyane Wade led the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points , three rebounds and three assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 11 points , 15 rebounds and two blocks . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 15 rebounds and two blocks . Miami will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Toronto Raptors .
The Miami Heat defeated the New York Knicks , 110 - 87 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . Miami needed this game to keep their playoff hopes alive and they ended this one early in a dominating effort . In fact , the Heat held the Knicks to 36 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Heat recorded 24 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Knicks committed 12 turnovers to 20 assists . That 's evident by the fact that the Heat went 19 - of - 28 from the free - throw line and won the second quarter , 13 - 9 . The Heat also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 51 - 45 . The Knicks ( 1 - 4 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Tim Richardson was the lone bright spot for the Knicks , as he led the team with 20 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Josh Richardson was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 21 points , three rebounds and two assists . Rodney McGruder got the start for Justise Winslow and finished with 19 points , six rebounds and five assists . The only other player in double figures was Rodney McGruder , who scored 19 points off the bench . Dwyane Wade struggled mightily , as he scored just seven points on 3 - of - 10 shooting . Miami will look to get out of this slide on Friday in a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors .
The Miami Heat defeated the Portland Trail Blazers in overtime , 120 - 111 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . The Heat ( 3 - 2 ) utilized an impressive night from three - fifths of their first unit and a strong defensive effort in overtime to overcome a pair of 42 - point efforts from the dynamic backcourt duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum . Meanwhile , the dynamic duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum stepped up to lead the way for the Heat ( 3 - 2 ) to the comeback victory , combining for 60 points on 21 - of - 38 shooting . Lillard 's 42 points led all scorers , and he added seven rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum was next with 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block . Rodney McGruder supplied 14 points , two assists , a steal and a steal . Justise Winslow provided 10 points , five boards and a steal . Evan Turner managed eight points , four rebounds , three assists , two blocks and two steals . Josh Richardson was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 11 points , five assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Damian Lillard 's game - high 42 points led Portland , and he complemented it with six assists and seven rebounds . McCollum followed closely behind with 19 points , two assists and seven rebounds . Zach Collins and Rodney McGruder supplied a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds and a pair of blocks , and the latter registering four rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Justise Winslow led the second unit with 10 points , five rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . Portland remains in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and is currently two games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Indianapolis to face the Kings on Monday night . The dynamic duo of Damian Lillard and CJ McCollum were on the lead with a pair of 42 - point efforts in the loss .
The Sacramento Kings took down the visiting Miami Heat on Monday , 123 - 113 . Sacramento ( 4 - 3 ) saw strong play from its star players , as sophomore forward Josh Richardson led the team with 31 points . Veteran Josh Richardson also played a big part in the win , scoring 20 points and dishing out eight assists . Shooting guard Buddy Hield , meanwhile , scored 23 points and had a team - high eight rebounds . The team as a whole shot over 48 percent from the field and knocked down 12 three - pointers . The Heat ( 3 - 3 ) , meanwhile , saw stagnant offensive play for much of the game . Star Gordon Hayward and bench contributor Alec Burks remain sidelined by injury , while star Dwyane Wade has been sidelined with an injury sustained during a three - game absence . Veteran Dwyane Wade was able to play in Monday 's game , scoring eight points in 27 minutes . Veteran Josh Richardson , meanwhile , scored 20 points to go with a team - high eight assists . The Kings will play in Orlando on Tuesday , while the Heat will host the Hornets on Tuesday in the second half of a back - to - back for two of the NBA 's best career . Miami ( 3 - 3 ) saw big man Dwyane Wade ( hamstring ) out of his current four - year absence . Richardson finished with a career - high 31 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting . Point guard Goran Dragic also had a solid night , shooting 7 - of - 16 for 20 points to go along with five rebounds and five assists .
The Miami Heat defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 95 - 88 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . While these are two teams that have struggled this season , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Heat , as they led by double - digits for the final 22 minutes . Defense was key for the Heat , as they held the Spurs to 33 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The Spurs also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than the Spurs , while committing three less turnovers . The Heat ( 5 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Spurs is just what they need to get going . Patty Mills led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points and four rebounds off the bench . DeMar DeRozan finished with 18 points and eight assists , but went just 6 - of - 15 from the field . LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games of the season , totaling six points , 16 rebounds and two blocks on 2 - of - 14 shooting . Justise Winslow went a perfect 7 - of - 17 from the field , but still accrued 16 points , five rebounds and three assists . The Heat will be in action again on Saturday , as they travel to San Antonio to face the Rockets . The Spurs ( 5 - 5 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Hassan Whiteside did all he could for San Antonio , as he led the team with 29 points , 20 rebounds and nine blocks on 10 - of - 18 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , totaling 6 points , 16 rebounds and two blocks . Josh Richardson played well off the bench , collecting 14 points , five rebounds and five assists . The Heat will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Indiana Pacers .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Miami Heat , 110 - 102 , at American Airlines Arena on Friday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 86 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Miami to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit 23 turnovers . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Indiana winning that battle , 39 - 38 . The Pacers also dominated the shooting , hitting 54 percent of their shots to the Heat 45 percent . The Heat also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 39 - 38 . The Heat ( 5 - 6 ) had to play this game without Goran Dragic ( eye ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Pacers team . Hassan Whiteside did all he could for Miami , as he totaled 11 points , 20 rebounds and four blocks . Kelly Olynyk was huge off the bench , as he provided 20 points , four rebounds and two assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 20 rebounds and four blocks . Bojan Bogdanovic led the bench , as he provided 16 points . Things do n't get any easier , as Miami hosts the Washington Wizards for their next game on Saturday . The Pacers ( 8 - 5 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Victor Oladipo was the player of the game , as he accumulated 22 points , five rebounds , 10 assists and four steals . Hassan Whiteside totaled 11 points , 20 rebounds and four blocks . Darren Collison was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 17 points , four rebounds and four assists . Miami will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup with the Houston Rockets .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Miami Heat , 116 - 110 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 14 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than five points . The key for Washington was the free - throw shooting , as they went 28 - of - 38 , while Miami went just 20 - of - 26 . Three-point shooting really let the Heat down , as they went 12 - of - 33 from long distance , while the Heat went 8 - of - 22 . The Heat ( 3 - 9 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . John Wall led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points , two rebounds and nine assists on 9 - of - 20 shooting . Jeff Green was second on the team , as he provided 19 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks . Wayne Ellington was huge off the bench , providing 16 points , four rebounds and two assists . On deck for Washington is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Monday . The Heat ( 5 - 7 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to climb back into the playoff hunt . John Wall was the player of the game , as he accumulated 28 points , two rebounds and nine assists on 9 - of - 20 shooting . Jeff Green was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Jeff Green was second on the team , providing 19 points and three assists off the bench .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Miami Heat , 124 - 114 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . While there were only two ties and five lead changes in total , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 13 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the 76ers going 15 - of - 36 from long distance , while the Heat hit just 13 - of - 31 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Philly recording five more assists than the Heat , while committing nine less turnovers . The Sixers ( 9 - 6 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Heat is just what they need to get going . Goran Dragic led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and five assists . J.J. Redick was second on the team , scoring 25 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds . Mike Muscala was the only other starter in double figures , providing 13 points , eight rebounds and four steals . Miami will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Orlando 76ers . The Heat ( 5 - 8 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Goran Dragic led the way , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . J.J. Redick finished second on the team , totaling 25 points and four rebounds . Hassan Whiteside totaled 13 points and 11 rebounds en route to a double - double . Miami will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Orlando Magic .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Miami Heat , 113 - 97 , at American Airlines Arena on Sunday . The Lakers ( 9 - 7 ) checked in to the contest short - handed , as both Rudy Gay ( hip ) and Duncan ( calf ) were sidelined for their first consecutive contest . However , the reeling Heat ( 6 - 10 ) proved to be exactly the cure for what ailed them Sunday , as they turned the ball over a whopping 12 times on the way to their 20th home loss of the season . LeBron James led the way for the visitors with 51 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block to lead them to a remarkable stat line of 51 percent and 41 percent shooting from the field . The Lakers were led by Wayne Ellington , who managed 19 points , two rebounds and one assist . Josh Richardson followed with 17 points , six rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Rodney McGruder totaled 14 points , seven boards and four assists . Tyler Johnson led the second unit with 17 points , six rebounds , three assists and one steal . Tyler Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 17 points , six assists , six rebounds and one steal . Wayne Ingram was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , seven boards , one assist and one block . Josh Richardson was productive in a reserve role as well , managing 15 points , six rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Wayne Ellington paced the bench with 19 points , two rebounds and one assist . Josh Richardson followed with 17 points , six rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Kyle Kuzma tallied 15 points , one rebound and one assist . Hassan Whiteside had a quiet night , generating six points , seven rebounds , two assists , three steals and three blocks . Hassan Whiteside mustered a modest six points but also hauled in seven rebounds , two assists , three blocks and one steal . The Heat next head to Cleveland to take on the Nets on Wednesday night , while the Lakers head down to South Florida to face off with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday evening as well .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Miami Heat , 104 - 92 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Miami win , but Brooklyn had other ideas . The defense was key for the Nets on Tuesday , as they held the Heat to just 36 percent from the field and 22 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Nets recording 17 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Heat committed 14 turnovers to just 18 assists . The Nets ( 8 - 10 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . D'Angelo Russell led the way , as he tallied 20 points , nine rebounds , six assists and four steals . Jarrett Allen was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , two rebounds and two assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , three rebounds and two assists . Brooklyn will host the Chicago Bulls for their next game on Wednesday . The Heat ( 6 - 11 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Miami , as they had six players score at least 11 points . D'Angelo Russell led the team in scoring with 20 points and six assists on 9 - of - 22 shooting . Josh Richardson was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 16 points , four rebounds , five assists and two steals . Jarrett Allen led the team in scoring , dropping 16 points and four rebounds off the bench . Miami will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Miami Heat , 115 - 113 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . While there were only two ties and five lead changes in total , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 14 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Hawks going 12 - of - 31 and the Heat hitting just 13 - of - 38 . Miami also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording three more assists than Miami , while committing three less turnovers . The Hawks ( 5 - 16 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Josh Richardson led the way for Miami , as he tallied 22 points , eight rebounds , four assists and five steals . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Dwyane Wade finished second on the team in scoring , collecting 18 points , two rebounds and three assists . John Collins was the only other Hawks player in double figures , as he accumulated 16 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . On deck for the Heat is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday . The Heat ( 7 - 13 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to climb back into the playoff hunt . Josh Richardson led the team in scoring off the bench , as he provided 22 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 11 points and 10 rebounds . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , scoring 18 points on 6 - for - 11 shooting . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Hawks is a road matchup with the Charlotte Hornets on Friday .
The Miami Heat defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 106 - 101 , at American Airlines Arena on Friday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Heat , as they led by at least seven points for the final 40 minutes . Defense was key , as they held the Pelicans to 43 percent from the field , 21 percent from three - point range and 6 - of - 33 from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Miami winning that battle , 46 - 46 . The Heat also dominated the shooting , hitting 43 percent of their shots , while holding the Pelicans to just 43 percent . New Orleans ( 11 - 12 ) has riden the back the back of Anthony Davis all season long and they did that yet again here . Davis finished the game with 41 points , nine rebounds and four blocks on 15 - of - 23 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , four rebounds and eight assists in 40 minutes of action . Julius Randle was the only other Pelican in double figures , totaling 15 points , four rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Heat is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Sunday . The Pelicans ( 11 - 12 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Anthony Davis was the player of the game , as he accumulated 41 points , nine rebounds and four blocks on 15 - of - 23 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Nikola Mirotic came off the bench to provide 15 points and four rebounds . On deck for New Orleans is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Utah Jazz , 102 - 100 , at American Airlines Arena on Sunday . In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Heat were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Heat outscored the Jazz 22 - 23 in the fourth quarter . Rebounding was key for Miami , as they won that battle , 50 - 50 . The Heat also dominated the shooting , hitting 40 percent of their shots to Utah 's 44 percent . The Jazz also took care of the rebounding , winning that battle , 50 - 50 . The Jazz ( 11 - 13 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Utah just adds to their impressive resume ' . Hassan Whiteside once again carried the load , as he tallied 23 points , 20 rebounds and three blocks on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Jae Crowder was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Josh Richardson was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 16 points , three rebounds and four assists . Wayne Ellington and Joe Ingles were a huge spark off the bench , as they combined for 29 points , eight rebounds , four assists and four steals in the win . The Heat will look to keep rolling on Tuesday , when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game . Utah ( 11 - 13 ) has been playing some great ball recently , but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team . Hassan Gobert did all he could to keep the Jazz hanging around , as he tallied 23 points , 20 rebounds and three blocks in the defeat . Jae Crowder was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 19 points , six rebounds and two steals . Rudy Gobert recorded a 12 - point , 18 - rebound double - double . Kelly Olynyk led the bench with 16 points and eight rebounds . The Heat ( 9 - 13 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . Hassan Whiteside did all he could for Utah , as he led the team with 23 points , 20 rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Jae Crowder totaled 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Kelly Olynyk was huge off the bench , providing 16 points , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Miami will host the Orlando Magic for their next game on Tuesday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Miami Heat , 105 - 90 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . The Magic ( 9 - 12 ) embarked on their current road trip as losers of four in a row , and appeared like a team in disarray all the way around . However , they 've found a way to turn things around away from the confines of Amway Center , as they 've now managed to rattle off victories in four of their last five games , including three straight . Aaron Gordon led the way for the Magic with 20 points , while Nikola Vucevic posted a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . Evan Fournier was next with 13 points of his own , which he supplemented with two rebounds and a steal . No other member of the starting five tallied double digits in the scoring column , but Orlando shot just 44 percent from the field overall , and 50 percent from three - point range . Justise Winslow and Dwyane Wade led the way for the visitors with a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists and two blocks , and the latter registering five boards and two assists . Dwyane Wade was right behind him with 11 points , four assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . James Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Magic head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday night , while the Heat head to Phoenix to take on the Suns on Friday evening as well .
The Miami Heat defeated the Houston Rockets , 101 - 99 , at American Airlines Arena on Thursday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Miami blowout , but that simply was n't the case in this close - fought battle . A 37 - 9 run spanning between the second and third quarter was the decisive stretch , as that swung an 11 - point lead for Houston into a 19 - point lead for Miami . Three-point shooting was the decisive statistic , with the Heat going 9 - of - 39 , while Houston went 18 - of - 54 . Rebounding was decisive as well , with Miami winning that battle , 61 - 41 . Free-throw shooting really killed Houston , as they went just 23 - of - 30 from the charity stripe . The Heat ( 14 - 16 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Rockets is just what they need to get going . Josh Richardson led the way for Houston , as he tallied 22 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Eric Gordon finished second on the team , dropping 20 points off the bench . Derrick Jones had a nice game off the bench , providing 15 points , eight rebounds , two blocks , two steals and two blocks . Dwyane Wade finished with 10 points , two rebounds and three assists . On deck for Houston is a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday . The Heat ( 14 - 16 ) have now lost eight of their last eight games , as they continue to climb up the standings . James Harden was the catalyst , as he accumulated 35 points , six rebounds , 12 assists and two steals on 7 - of - 23 shooting . Eric Gordon was second on the team , as he provided 20 points , three rebounds and three assists off the bench . Derrick Jones was the only other Heat player in double figures , as he accrued 15 points and eight rebounds . Miami 's next game is on Saturday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks , 94 - 87 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way they 're both headed . It was a wire - to - wire win for Miami , as they led by double - digits for the majority of the game , until the final 33 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Heat , as they held the Bucks to 37 percent from the field , 73 percent from the free - throw line and 21 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Miami winning that battle , 57 - 48 . The Heat also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 22 - 10 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Milwaukee just adds to their impressive resume ' . Josh Richardson was the player of the game , as he led the team with 16 points , five rebounds and three assists on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Eric Bledsoe finished with 17 points , three rebounds and six assists , while Dwyane Wade accumulated 13 points , eight rebounds and three assists of his own . Dwyane Wade was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Miami will look to get out of this slide on Tuesday in a home matchup against the New York Knicks . Miami ( 15 - 16 ) have now won 10 - straight games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Khris Middleton led the way , as he tallied 18 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Hassan Whiteside finished with 11 points and 13 rebounds on 5 - of - 17 shooting . Eric Bledsoe accumulated 17 points , three rebounds and six assists . George Hill was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 10 points , three rebounds and three assists . Miami will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Orlando Magic .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Miami Heat , 106 - 104 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 12 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than nine points . The key for Toronto was the free - throw shooting , as they went 19 - of - 23 , while Miami went just 6 - of - 12 . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Miami , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 26 - 10 ) have now lost 12 of their last 7 games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Kawhi Leonard was the catalyst in this win , as he led the team with 30 points , eight rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 20 from the field . Josh Richardson was second on the team , as he tallied 17 points , two rebounds and seven assists on 6 - of - 12 shooting . James Johnson was huge off the bench , providing 12 points , six rebounds , two steals and two steals . On deck for the Heat is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Friday . The Heat ( 16 - 17 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to climb back into the playoff hunt . Kawhi Leonard was the player of the game , as he accumulated 30 points , eight rebounds , two assists and two steals on 9 - of - 20 from the field . Danny Green was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , six rebounds and two assists . Pascal Siakam scored a career - high 10 points off the bench , while adding nine rebounds to his tally . Miami will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Orlando Magic .
The Miami Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 118 - 94 , at American Airlines Arena on Friday . While there were only two ties and five lead changes in total , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 16 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Heat going 10 - of - 31 and the Cavaliers hitting just 13 - of - 37 . Miami also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Cleveland , while committing three less turnovers . The Heat ( 17 - 17 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Cavaliers is just what they need to get going . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points , five rebounds and four assists . Alec Burks was second on the team , as he dropped 18 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Dwyane Wade was the only other Heat player in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he totaled 18 points , five rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 10 shooting off the bench . Larry Nance Jr. was also productive off the bench , providing 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for Miami is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday . The Cavaliers ( 8 - 28 ) have now won five - straight games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Justise Winslow led the team , as he tallied 24 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists . Alec Burks was second on the team , as he provided 18 points and six rebounds off the bench . Dwyane Wade finished with 10 points , six rebounds and four assists . The Heat will look to get out of this slide on Sunday in a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Miami Heat , 113 - 104 , at American Airlines Arena on Sunday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Minnesota were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Timberwolves outscored the Heat , 31 - 27 , in the fourth quarter . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Minnesota hitting 8 - of - 24 , while Miami went just 8 - of - 24 . Rebounding was huge as well , with Minnesota winning that battle , 49 - 52 . Free-throw shooting really killed Miami , as they went just 22 - of - 28 from the charity stripe . The Timberwolves ( 17 - 19 ) have been playing much better on the offensive end recently and this performance only adds to those numbers . Karl-Anthony Towns was once again the player of the game , as he tallied 34 points , 18 rebounds , seven assists , three steals and six blocks . Josh Richardson was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Taj Gibson went a perfect 6 - of - 10 from the field to collect 14 points , seven rebounds and two steals . Miami will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the New Orleans Pelicans . Miami ( 17 - 18 ) had to play this game without Luol Deng , but they did n't miss a beat . Karl-Anthony Towns was the player of the game , accumulating 34 points , 18 rebounds , seven assists , three steals and six blocks . Robert Covington totaled 16 points , four rebounds and two blocks . Justise Winslow amassed 10 points , seven rebounds , three assists and four steals . The Heat will play the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday for their next game .
The Miami Heat defeated the Washington Wizards , 115 - 109 , at American Airlines Arena on Friday night . The Heat ( 19 - 18 ) came in to the contest searching for their six straight victory in what has been a jaw - dropping hot streak . Standing in their way was a Wizards ( 15 - 24 ) squad that is certainly one of the unlikeliest of the season . The Wizards ( 15 - 24 ) had been particularly vulnerable to shooting guards , committing 10 turnovers while shooting 48 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . Bradley Beal 's 33 points led all scorers , and he added nine rebounds and seven assists . Trevor Ariza and Trevor Ariza followed with matching 21 - point efforts , with the former adding six assists , three rebounds and a steal , and the latter hauling in five boards and recording a steal . Justise Winslow provided 14 points , six boards , an assist and three steals . Jeff Green was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 10 points , six rebounds and three assists . Thomas supplied five points , six assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block to lead the bench . The Heat were led by Bradley Beal 's 33 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds and seven assists . Trevor Ariza was next with 21 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Otto Porter , Jr. bounced back from a scoreless outing over 19 minutes Wednesday to generate a full stat line of 14 points , six rebounds , an assist and three steals . Jeff Green was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 10 points , six rebounds and three assists . The Wizards head back home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday , while the Wizards head to Atlanta to take on the Thunder on Sunday evening .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Miami Heat , 103 - 99 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Denver were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Nuggets outscored the Heat 27 - 23 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Denver , as they held Miami to 46 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit just six turnovers . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Denver winning that battle , 50 - 38 . Nikola Jokic recorded another triple - double , as he accumulated 29 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Jamal Murray was huge off the bench , providing 18 points , four rebounds and six assists . Nikola Jokic recorded another triple - double , accumulating 29 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Nikola Jokic recorded his first career triple - double , accumulating 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . No other player on the team had more than 13 points , as the other four starters combined for just 30 points . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 29 points , 11 rebounds and four assists on 11 - of - 21 shooting . Paul Millsap finished second on the team with 12 points , nine rebounds , four assists and two steals . No other player on the roster had more than 12 points , four rebounds or six assists . These teams will have a rematch on December 9th in Miami .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Celtics , 115 - 100 , at American Airlines Arena on Thursday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference contenders , both squads left it all on the floor . The second quarter was the decisive stretch for the Heat , as they outscored the Celtics , 33 - 36 . Defense was key for the Heat , as they held the Celtics to 36 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Heat also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Jayson , while committing three less turnovers . The Heat ( 20 - 20 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds and five assists . Marcus Smart was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 18 points , six rebounds and two assists . Justise Winslow accumulated 13 points and seven rebounds . James Johnson was the only bench player in double figures , as he accrued 12 points , five rebounds and three assists . Miami will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies . Miami ( 25 - 16 ) had to play this game without Nikola Vucevic and it clearly hurt their defense . Dwyane Wade did all he could for Boston , as he led the team with 22 points , five rebounds and five assists . Marcus Smart was n't far behind , as he accrued 17 points , six rebounds and two assists . Justise Winslow recorded a double - double , amassing 13 points and seven rebounds . James Johnson was the only bench player to score more than 14 points , as he provided 12 points , five rebounds and three assists off the bench . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup against the Celtics on Saturday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 112 - 108 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . Miami were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Heat pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 31 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Memphis to 48 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 10 turnovers . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Miami winning that battle , 38 - 38 . The Heat also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , despite committing five less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 23 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Memphis just adds to their impressive resume ' . Justise Winslow was the player of the game , as he led the team with 26 points , seven rebounds and four assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Mike Conley was second on the team , tallying 22 points , two rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , five rebounds , five assists and two blocks . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 23 ) have had a ton of drama surrounding their team and losses like this show just why . JaMychal Green was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 24 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting , adding 11 rebounds . Mike Conley was second on the team , as he accrued 22 points , two rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , five rebounds , five assists and two blocks . Miami will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 26 - 22 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 22 - 24 ) 111 - 99 on Wednesday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . The Clippers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Heat 27 - 31 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Clippers also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 52 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat went 47 percent from the floor and just 29 percent from beyond the arc . The Clippers were also able to force the Heat into 22 turnovers , while committing only seven of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Clippers were led by Tobias Harris , who went 12 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 31 points , while also grabbing seven rebounds . It was a season - high in points for Harris , who had n't reached the 15 - point mark yet this season . Josh Richardson was the other big contributor off the bench , as he went 5 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding five rebounds . Lou Williams was the only other starter to reach double - digit points with 13 . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Chicago Bulls on Friday , while the Heat will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 12 - 40 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 24 - 25 ) 105 - 89 on Wednesday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . Despite out - scoring the Bulls 21 - 27 in the fourth quarter , the Bulls were able to hold off the late comeback , and secure the six - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Bulls were the superior shooters in this one , going 51 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat finished at 38 percent from the floor and just 29 percent from deep . With Dwyane Wade sitting out , Bobby Portis was a force in this one , as he went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 4 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 26 points , while also adding four rebounds and a blocked shot . It was a season - high in points for him , as he 's only averaging 24 points per game so far this season . Also playing a big factor in the win was Lauri , as Bobby Portis finished with a team - high of 26 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , to go along with four rebounds and two assists in 24 minutes . He 's been a fantastic producer for the Heat ever since joing them through a trade at the deadline , as he 's now averaging 14 points and five rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Wayne Ellington chipped in with 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 11 3Pt ) and four rebounds in 32 minutes . It was a nice surprise for the Bulls , as he 's only averaging 2 points per game so far this season . Also coming off the bench , Wayne Ellington went 5 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 11 from the three - point line to finish with 13 points in 32 minutes . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday , while the Heat will travel to Charlotte to play the Thunder on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 33 - 18 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 24 - 26 ) 118 - 102 on Friday . The showdown between two of the most high - powered offenses in the Western Conference lived up to its billing , with the respective stars on both teams playing an integral part in lighting up the scoreboard . The Heat held a 68 - 49 lead going into intermission , and were coming in on the second half of a back - to - back after intermission . Oklahoma City was led by Kelly Olynyk 's team - high 21 points off the bench , which he complemented with seven rebounds and a pair of assists . It was Olynyk 's second - highest scoring night of the season , and his second game with at least 1 - of - 6 shooting , including 2 - of - 6 from behind the arc . Steven Adams was the only other starter to tally double - digit scoring , amassing 13 points , seven rebounds , two assists and three steals . The Heat are currently in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head back home to face the Boston Celtics on Sunday . Miami was led by Kelly Olynyk 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , two assists and a block . Josh Richardson followed with 18 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals . Steven Adams and Steven Adams followed up with a pair of 13 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , two assists and three steals , and the latter registering two rebounds , two assists and three steals . The Heat remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference . They head to Miami to take on the Celtics on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Miami Heat , 95 - 88 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . Not only did Indiana win all four quarters in their wire - to - wire win , they held a 11 - point lead for the final 20 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Miami to 42 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 23 turnovers . The Pacers ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while Miami hit just 42 percent of their shots . The Pacers ( 24 - 19 ) have now won 23 of their last 30 games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , as he dropped a career - high 31 points on 13 - of - 19 shooting . Darren Collison was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he tallied 20 points , two rebounds and six assists . Myles Turner accumulated 14 points , five rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Kelly Olynyk was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . The Heat ( 24 - 27 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Dwyane Wade was the lone bright spot in this one , as he led the team with 21 points , six rebounds and four assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 19 points and 13 rebounds . Thaddeus Young was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 11 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Kelly Olynyk was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 28 - 30 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 26 - 32 ) 119 - 96 on Saturday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Heat held the Heat to 43 percent shooting and forced them to commit 13 turnovers . The Pistons ended up shooting 52 percent from the field , while holding the Heat to just 43 percent on their end . The Pistons also dominated the rebounding and turnover differential , as they won the rebounding battle 41 - 33 and the turnover differential 18 - 14 . The Pistons ( 28 - 30 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and this loss is devastating for that pursuit . Josh Richardson led the way for Miami , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 15 rebounds , two steals and three blocks . Dwyane Wade finished with 15 points , three rebounds and four assists . On deck for Miami is a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Monday . The Pistons ( 28 - 30 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to climb back into the playoff hunt . Ish Smith led the team in scoring , dropping 22 points and six assists on 8 - of - 9 from the field . Blake Griffin was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , four rebounds and six assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks . Miami will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Indiana Pacers .
The Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 50 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 26 - 33 ) 124 - 121 on Monday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Miami , as they shot 49 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was key , as the Suns snatched down 39 boards to Miami 's 44 . The three - point shooting was a huge difference as well , with Phoenix going 13 - for - 32 while the Heat went just 9 - for - 29 . The Heat have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Devin Booker led the way , as he tallied 20 points , four rebounds and nine assists in the win . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter who played well , as he totaled 14 points and 10 rebounds in just 25 minutes of action . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 14 points and 10 rebounds in the defeat . The Heat will look to build off this win when they take on the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday . This was one of Miami 's best games of the season , as they handled the Heat in a much needed win . Miami came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 14 points . Devin Booker led the team with 20 points and snatched down four rebounds in the loss . Kelly Olynyk also had a nice game off the bench , as he tallied 28 points and 10 rebounds of his own . Deandre Ayton also played well , as he tallied 14 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Heat is a matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 27 - 33 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 43 - 18 ) 126 - 125 on Wednesday . Klay Thompson scored a game - high 36 points , shooting 7 - of - 15 from the free throw line . Kevin Durant had one of his best games of the season , scoring 29 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting from the field to go along with five rebounds and five assists in 38 minutes . After missing morning shootaround and entering the game questionable to play , Dwyane Wade returned to action Wednesday . He put up 25 points in 25 minutes off the bench , and Josh Richardson scored 21 points . The Heat will go on the road to face the Houston Rockets on Thursday . Golden State has lost four of their last five games as they struggle to overcome Hassan Whiteside 's absence . Draymond Green had a big game for the Warriors . Durant finished with 29 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals , two blocks , and one steal in 22 minutes . Golden State will finish off their back - to - back set Thursday at home against the Orlando Magic . The Warriors will complete a back - to - back set on the road Thursday against the Houston Magic . These two teams will meet again on Wednesday to finish their four - game road trip in Houston against the Magic . Up next for the Heat was their next game , as they travel to Houston to take on the Rockets on Thursday .
The Miami Heat ( 28 - 34 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 32 - 33 ) 117 - 88 on Saturday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Brooklyn , as they shot 35 percent from the field and 21 percent from three - point range . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Heat , as they held a none - digit lead for the majority of the game . The Nets shot just 35 percent from the field and just 77 percent from the free - throw line . Miami also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 57 - 36 and outscored the Nets in the paint , 56 - 21 . The Nets ( 32 - 33 ) have now won 11 of their last 9 games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Kelly Olynyk led the way in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Derrick Jones was huge off the bench , as he accrued 18 points and four rebounds . Derrick Jones was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points and four rebounds on 7 - of - 10 shooting . On deck for the Heat is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Monday . The Nets ( 32 - 33 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the east and wins like this are crucial for that pursuit . Kelly Olynyk led the way for Brooklyn , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Derrick Jones was second on the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting off the bench . Bam will play again on Monday , as they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game .
The Miami Heat ( 29 - 34 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 22 - 43 ) 114 - 113 on Monday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . The Heat got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Hawks 32 - 31 in the first quarter alone . The Heat were the superior shooters in this game , going 56 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went just 42 percent from the floor and a meager 37 percent from deep . The Heat were led by Dwyane Wade , who went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 23 points , while also adding five assists and two blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 17 points and 7 rebounds per game on the year . Josh Richardson also had a solid showing , scoring 19 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and five assists . He 's now scored 14 or more points in three out of his last four games , despite averaging only 9 points on the season . Coming off the bench , Dewayne Dedmon had an efficient 14 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) in 27 minutes . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday , while the Hawks will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 31 - 34 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 16 - 50 ) 126 - 110 on Friday . Miami came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Miami was their shooting , as they shot 57 percent from the field in the second half and 48 percent from the free - throw line . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Heat shot 31 percent to the Heat 's 44 percent . The Cavs also took care of the rebounding , winning that battle , 28 - 28 . The Heat actually dominated the shooting , as they shot 48 percent from the field and recorded 31 assists to just 12 turnovers . The Cavaliers ( 16 - 50 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Josh Richardson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 19 points , two rebounds and five assists . Jordan Clarkson was second on the team , providing 21 points and two rebounds off the bench . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds . Dwyane Wade had a nightmare shooting game , going 5 - of - 7 from the field to collect 12 points , two rebounds and five assists . All five starters scored in double figures for Cleveland , with Josh Richardson leading the team with 20 points and two assists . Cleveland will host the Toronto Raptors for their next game on Monday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 48 - 19 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 31 - 35 ) 125 - 104 on Sunday . The Heat came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from Marc Gasol to steal a win . The key for Toronto was the shooting , as they shot 57 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range in their win . Toronto also dominated the rebounding battle , as they snatched down 44 boards to Miami 's 36 . The Raptors also shot over 83 percent from the free - throw line and 30 percent from three - point range . The big difference in the game was the free - throw shooting , as they went 20 - for - 26 while the Heat went just 12 - for - 21 . Miami came into this game as huge underdogs in the second half of a back - to - back and it was clear they did n't have their legs underneath them . The Heat shot 46 percent from the field and 57 percent from the free - throw line . Miami was extremely efficient in this game , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 57 percent from the free - throw line and shot 51 percent from three - point range . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Miami , but it was n't for a lack of effort . They shot 46 percent from the field and outrebounded the Heat in a strong road performance . Dwyane Wade had his best game in a Pacer uniform , as he tallied 15 points , four rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Miami 's next game will be on Wednesday when they host the Detroit Pistons .
The Miami Heat ( 32 - 35 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 34 - 33 ) 108 - 74 on Wednesday in Miami . It was a close game the whole way but a near wire - to - wire win for Miami were not enough to come away with the win . The Heat ( 34 - 35 ) dropped their second game in as many nights on Wednesday and have now won nine of their last 10 games . Justise Winslow was the player of the game for the Heat and contributed a game - high 16 points and five rebounds . Dion Waiters added 14 points , while Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double of 13 points and 11 rebounds . For the Pistons , it was a tough night on offense for the Heat , as they shot just 35 percent from the field and 22 percent from behind the arc . Blake Griffin led the way with 13 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , four rebounds , three assists , and one block in 29 minutes . Justise Winslow also had a solid game , scoring 16 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , to go along with five rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block in 19 minutes . The only other Pistons player to score in double figures was Wayne Ellington , who scored 11 points in 18 minutes off the bench . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while Detroit will stay home to take on the Lakers on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 52 - 17 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 32 - 36 ) 113 - 98 on Friday . Milwaukee came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Milwaukee was their defense , as they held Miami to 41 percent shooting and forced them to commit 12 turnovers . The Bucks ended up shooting 48 percent from the field , while holding the Heat to just 41 percent on their end . The Bucks dominated in the paint as well , as they outscored the Heat bench , 38 - 5 . The Bucks ( 32 - 17 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Heat is just what the doctor ordered . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he tallied 33 points , 16 rebounds , nine assists , two steals and three blocks in yet another great performance . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he collected 21 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 14 points and 11 rebounds in the win . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going on Sunday against the Philadelphia 76ers . The Heat did n't play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building . Giannis Antetokounmpo was a beast , as he tallied 33 points , 16 rebounds and nine assists en route to his fifth double - double of the season . Khris Wade also played well , as he amassed 21 points , eight assists and five steals . The Bucks will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Miami Heat ( 33 - 36 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 31 - 38 ) 93 - 75 on Sunday . Miami came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Miami was their defense , as they held Charlotte to 31 percent shooting and forced them to commit 12 turnovers . The Heat ended up shooting 40 percent from the field , 63 percent from the free - throw line and 39 percent from three - point range . Miami had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have their legs underneath them . The Hornets shot 31 percent from three - point range and 89 percent from the free - throw line . Miami did a great job of hanging around in this game , but just could n't prevail late . Goran Dragic led the team with 19 points and also dished out four assists in just 38 minutes of play . Charlotte 's next game will be on Tuesday , when they take on the struggling Oklahoma City the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Heat have been one of the surprises of the NBA this season and the all - around play of Goran Dragic and Dwyane Wade did n't have enough to keep up with a team like the Heat . Wade finished with 17 points and eight rebounds , while going just 6 - for - 14 from the field . Dwyane Wade also played well , as he amassed 17 points , two assists and eight rebounds . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday .
The Orlando Magic ( 37 - 38 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 36 - 38 ) 104 - 99 on Tuesday . The contest was truly a tale of two halves , with Orlando opening up a 18 - point lead by the end of the first quarter and never looking back . Orlando was led by a pair of 26 - point efforts from Dion Waiters and Nikola Vucevic , while the former added two assists , a rebound and a steal , while the latter pitched in with seven assists , a rebound and a steal . With the victory , the Magic remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Thursday . Miami 's attack was spearheaded by Dion Waiters , who amassed 26 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . Jonathan Isaac , D.J . Augustin followed up the bench with 17 points , two assists , six rebounds , a steal and a pair of blocks . Gordon Augustin came off the bench to produce 17 points and dished out seven assists , while Terrence Ross and Hassan Whiteside pitched in with a pair of 14 - point efforts . The former added four rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter had a pair of rebounds and assists , that he supplemented with three boards , a steal and a pair of steals . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home again Thursday for a date with the Detroit Pistons .
The Miami Heat ( 37 - 38 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 29 - 46 ) 105 - 99 on Thursday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Dallas , as they shot 39 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , as the Heat recorded more assists than the Mavericks , while committing just 10 turnovers . The Heat also dominated in the paint , as they won the rebounding battle 55 - 50 and outscored them in the paint , 34 - 13 . The Mavericks ( 29 - 46 ) have now won six of their last seven games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Goran Dragic led the way for Miami , as he tallied 23 points , 12 rebounds and 11 assists . No other starter had more than nine points , but Dirk Nowitzki was the only other starter to score more than 11 points , as he totaled 13 points and three rebounds on 5 - of - 20 shooting . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points and nine rebounds . The Heat will be off until Sunday , when they play the Oklahoma City Knicks on the road for their next game . The Heat ( 37 - 38 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Goran Dragic continued his tear , as he accumulated 23 points , 12 rebounds and 11 assists . Dion Waiters was the only other starter in double figures , as he collected 17 points , four rebounds and two steals . Bam on deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Celtics , 112 - 75 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 42 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Celtics , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Boston also took advantage of the points off turnovers , winning that differential , 16 - 9 . The Celtics ( 47 - 32 ) have now won three - straight games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Gordon Hayward was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Kyrie Irving finished with 23 points , one rebound and four assists . Al Horford accumulated 21 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . Dwyane Wade amassed 17 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Aron Baynes was huge off the bench , totaling 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Heat will be off until Friday , when they play the Minnesota Timberwolves on the road . The Celtics ( 47 - 32 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 17 games at home . Dion Waiters was the star , as he led the team with 21 points , five rebounds and five assists . Al Horford finished with 21 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Bam on deck for Celtics is a home matchup against the Celtics on Friday .
The Miami Heat ( 39 - 42 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 50 - 31 ) 122 - 99 on Tuesday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . The Heat got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Sixers 34 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Heat were the superior shooters in this game , going 53 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Sixers went just 41 percent from the floor and 20 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were also able to force the Sixers into 16 turnovers , while committing only 14 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Heat were led by Greg Monroe , who went 6 - for - 8 from the field and 6 - for - 6 from the free throw line to score 18 points , while adding five rebounds as well . He 's had two solid games in a row , combining for 53 points and 16 rebounds over that span . The only other Sixer to reach double figures in points was Ben Simmons who had 16 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in just 21 minutes . The Heat 's next game will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday , while the Sixers will go on the road to Chicago to play the Bulls on Wednesday , while the 76ers will be at home against the Chicago Nets on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 113 - 112 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Bucks ( 0 - 1 ) invested heavily into their star two - guard Kemba Walker in the offseason , inking the 29 - year old to a six - year , $ 139 million contract . He began paying immediate dividends on that hefty sum Wednesday , tallying a game - high 41 points and supplementing them with two rebounds , four assists and a steal . Meanwhile , the Bucks ( 1 - 1 ) were led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who tallied a 25 - point , 18 - rebound double - double that also included eight assists and a block . Eric Bledsoe was right behind him with 17 points , three assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block . Ersan Ilyasova and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist turned in matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds and two assists , and the latter supplying nine rebounds , four assists and a block . Ersan Ilyasova drew another start for Bismack Biyombo ( knee ) and provided 13 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Malik Monk led the bench with 13 points , nine rebounds and two assists , while Jeremy Lamb was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with a game - high 41 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , four assists and two steals . Khris Middleton tallied 19 points , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . However , he shot just 7 - of - 14 from the field and 3 - of - 6 from three - point range . Malik Monk led the bench with 18 points , four rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . Jeremy Lamb was productive off the bench as well with 10 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Bucks head back home to face off with the Indiana Pacers on Friday night , while the Hornets remain home to face off with the Orlando Magic on Friday night as well .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 135 - 106 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . The battle of Southeastern Division rivals lived up to its billing , with the Hornets ( 3 - 3 ) pulling away in the fourth quarter of what was an exciting nip - and - tuck contest . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte with 30 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds and seven assists . Jabari Parker was next with 19 points , two rebounds , one assist and one block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist followed with 15 points , seven boards , one assist , one steal and one block . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet nicely with a near double - double consisting of 10 points , eight rebounds , five assists and two steals . The Hornets ( 1 - 4 ) were led by Zach LaVine , who went for 20 points , four assists and three rebounds . Jabari Parker supplied 19 points , two rebounds , an assist and a block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist managed 15 points , seven rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 10 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . The Bulls were led by Kemba Walker , who went for 30 points , seven assists and six rebounds . Tony Parker followed with 18 points , eight assists and a steal . Cameron Payne provided 15 points , two boards , three assists and a pair of steals . Nicolas Batum managed a near double - double with 10 points , eight rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . The Bulls head back home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night , while the Bulls head to Philadelphia to tangle with the Hawks on Saturday evening .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Miami Heat , 125 - 113 , at Spectrum Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were seven ties and 11 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 14 points . Charlotte took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring Miami , 27 - 40 . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Hornets winning that battle , 39 - 34 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Miami , despite committing six less turnovers . The Heat ( 3 - 4 ) have been one of the hottest teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Dwyane Wade continued his torrid stretch , as he led the team with 19 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 16 points and 12 rebounds . Josh Richardson was the only other starter in double figures , accumulating 15 points , two rebounds and three assists . The Heat will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Heat ( 3 - 4 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Dwyane Wade led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points , one rebound and four assists on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Kemba Walker was second on the team , as he finished with 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Nicolas Batum accumulated 20 points , seven rebounds and four steals of his own . Miami will look to keep rolling on Thursday in a road matchup with the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 111 - 107 , at Spectrum Center on Thursday . The Thunder ( 3 - 4 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Thunder ( 3 - 4 ) and guard rightfully shone on both ends . The Thunder ( 3 - 4 ) were led by a pair of 29 - point efforts from Russell Westbrook and Russell Westbrook , with the latter adding eight assists , a rebound and three steals and the latter hauling in eight boards and dishing out six assists . Kemba Walker was right behind him with 21 points , six assists , five rebounds and a steal . Nicolas Batum and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist turned in a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , six assists and two steals , and the latter supplying three rebounds , five assists and a steal . Alex Abrines managed 25 points , two rebounds and a steal to lead the bench . Alex Abrines was next with a bench - leading 25 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and two steals . Dennis Schroder followed with 21 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Slam Dunk Contest champ Alex Abrines tallied 25 points , two boards and one steal . Paul George turned in a 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , four blocks and four steals . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 13 points , nine rebounds , two assists and one steal . Jerami Grant and Jerami Grant contributed matching 10 - point efforts off the bench . The Hornets head back home to face off with the Washington Wizards on Friday evening , while the Hornets remain home to face off with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 126 - 94 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The dynamic duo of Kemba Walker and Kemba Walker led the way for the Hornets with matching 14 - point tallies , with the former adding five assists and five rebounds and the latter providing a rebound and a steal . Tony Parker was a distant second with 11 points , four assists and four rebounds . Sam Dekker was next with a bench - leading 11 points that he supplemented with one rebound and one steal . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and Nicolas Batum contributed a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds and four assists , and the latter supplying four rebounds and four assists . Jordan Clarkson was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 13 points and a steal . Kemba Walker 's 18 points led the Hornets , a total he supplemented with five rebounds and five assists . Kemba Walker was right behind with 18 points , five assists and five boards . Malik Monk led the bench with 16 points , one rebound and five assists . Tony Parker was a distant second behind Korver , managing 12 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and Nicolas Batum registered a pair of 10 - point efforts in the loss , with the former adding four rebounds and the latter providing four rebounds and four steals . The Cavs head back home to await the Atlanta Hawks on Monday night , while the Cavaliers head to Charlotte to take on the Magic on Tuesday evening as well .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 113 - 102 , at Spectrum Center on Tuesday . Despite the final scoreline being close , the Hornets were in control for the majority of the game . The game was close throughout , as there were 13 ties and nine lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 13 points . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Hawks to 48 percent from the field and 20 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , despite committing eight less turnovers . The Hawks ( 6 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 29 points , three rebounds , seven assists , three steals and two blocks . No other player on the roster had more than 13 points , five rebounds or three assists . Jeremy Lin led the team in scoring , as he provided 19 points , one rebound and two assists off the bench . On deck for the Hawks is a road matchup against the New York Knicks on Wednesday . The Hornets ( 6 - 5 ) have been plying better with their recent lineup change , but that was n't the case here . Kemba Walker did all he could though , as he led the team with 29 points , three rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Trae on deck for Atlanta is a home matchup against the New York Knicks on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 122 - 119 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . Kemba Walker has lived up to every penny of the $ 139 million contract he signed this offseason in the early going , a trend that continued Saturday . The All-Star point guard poured in 60 points on 21 - of - 34 shooting from the field , including a 6 - of - 14 tally from three - point range . He added four rebounds , four assists and four steals in a team - high 45 minutes . Jimmy Butler followed with 15 points , three rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Jimmy Butler supplied 15 points , four assists , three rebounds , two blocks and two steals . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 20 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and one steal . Ben Simmons was productive as a reserve as well with 23 points , nine rebounds , nine assists and two steals . Jeremy Lamb was productive as a reserve as well with 20 points , 10 boards , three assists and one steal . Ben Simmons and Cody Zeller registered a pair of 23 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , and the latter supplying four assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . Cody Zeller totaled 10 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one steal . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with 60 points , seven rebounds , four assists and four steals . Jimmy Butler followed with 15 points , four rebounds , four assists , two blocks and two steals . Cody Zeller registered 10 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one steal . Miles generated nine points , four rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block to lead the second unit . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte with 60 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , four assists and four steals . J.J. Redick contributed 23 points , one rebound and one assist . Cody Zeller totaled 10 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one steal . Jimmy Butler and Tony Parker had matching 15 - point efforts , with the former adding four assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks , and the latter supplying seven rebounds , four assists and one steal .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Boston Celtics , 117 - 112 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . The Hornets ( 8 - 8 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Hornets ( 8 - 8 ) and accomplished the feat on the road ( 9 - 8 ) . A resurgent fourth quarter helped the Hornets ( 8 - 8 ) pull away in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Celtics ( 9 - 8 ) by a 30 - 25 margin during the period . That included a 12 - point outburst over a two - and - a - half - minute stretch , helping seal the Hornets win . Kyrie Irving led the way with a game - high 27 points , which he supplemented with 5 assists , five rebounds and two steals . Kyrie Irving was right behind him with 27 points , 11 assists , five rebounds and two steals . Willy Hernangomez posted a 14 - point , 3 - rebound , that also included three assists and one block . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 10 points , two rebounds , two assists and one block . Jeremy Lamb was productive as a reserve as well with nine points , eight rebounds , one assist and one steal . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with a game - high 43 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , five assists and one steal . Jeremy Lamb followed with 18 points in 27 minutes off the bench . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well with 18 points , six boards and one steal . Willy Hernangomez supplied 14 points , three rebounds , three assists and one block . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet with nine points , eight rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Hornets head back home to tangle with the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday evening , while the Celtics remain home to face the New York Knicks on Wednesday evening as well .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Indiana Pacers , 127 - 109 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Hornets were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Hornets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 20 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Pacers to 49 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Indiana , while committing three less turnovers . The Hornets ( 9 - 8 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pacers is just what they need to get going . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , scoring a game - high 20 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 16 points , two rebounds and 11 assists . Domantas Sabonis started and totaled 15 points , six rebounds and two assists . Cody Zeller played well off the bench , totaling 15 points and five rebounds . Doug McDermott was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , one rebound and two steals on 5 - of - 8 shooting . Charlotte will be off until Friday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder for their next game . The Pacers ( 11 - 7 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and road wins like this only add to their impressive resume ' . Bojan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , dropping 20 points on 6 - of - 9 from the field . Thaddeus Young was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . Dwayne Bacon was a nice spark off the bench , totaling 18 points , six rebounds and three assists . Indiana will look to get out of this slide on Friday against the San Antonio Spurs .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 110 - 107 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . Milwaukee were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Hornets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Bucks to 41 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing six less turnovers . The Bucks ( 14 - 6 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bucks is just what they need to get going . Jeremy Lamb was the star of the show , as he scored a team - high 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Kemba Bledsoe was just as good , accumulating 21 points , six rebounds and four assists of his own . Jeremy Lamb got the start for Batum and finished with 15 points , five rebounds and two assists . Malcolm Brogdon went just 4 - of - 16 from the field , en route to 11 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Milwaukee 's next game will be on Wednesday , when they take on the Chicago Bulls . Charlotte ( 10 - 10 ) had to play this game without Dwayne Wade and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Hornets bunch . Jeremy Lamb led the way for Milwaukee , as he provided 21 points , eight rebounds and four assists off the bench . Kemba Walker led the starters in scoring , as he accrued 21 points , six rebounds and four assists . The Bucks will host the Chicago Bulls for their next game on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 108 - 94 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Hornets ( 11 - 10 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Hawks ( 5 - 17 ) , which they 'd tallied a season - low point total . They were led by a pair of 22 - point efforts from Jeremy Lamb and Trae of their own , with the former also hauling in five rebounds , four assists and a steal , and the latter supplying five rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . Kemba Walker was right behind him with 19 points , three assists , four rebounds , four steals and a block . However , Nicolas Batum was the only other starter to manage double - digit scoring , totaling 13 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . Justin Anderson paced the reserves with 10 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a steal . Atlanta remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and has a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder on Friday . Atlanta was led by Jeremy Lamb 's 22 points , which he complemented with five rebounds and a steal . Kemba Walker was right behind him with 19 points , three assists , four rebounds , four steals and a block . Kevin Huerter , who 'd been hospitalized in recent days with an illness , posted 12 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Justin Anderson paced the reserves with 10 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Hornets remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Charlotte to take on the Jazz on Friday night .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 119 - 111 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . Utah were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Jazz pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Charlotte to 49 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit just eight turnovers . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Utah winning that battle , 41 - 38 . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 11 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Hornets ( 11 - 11 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Hornets is just what they need to get going . Jeremy Lamb was the lone bright spot for the Hornets , leading the team with 24 points and five rebounds . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 21 points , seven rebounds and four assists of his own . Marvin Williams recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 1 rebounds . Kemba Walker made his return from a wrist injury to accrue 21 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the defeat . The Hornets will look to play better on Sunday , when they host the New Orleans Pelicans . Charlotte ( 11 - 11 ) has been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Jeremy Lamb was Charlotte 's best player , as he led the team with 24 points , five rebounds and two steals on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Kemba Walker led the starters in scoring , totaling 21 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Marvin Williams recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 11 rebounds . The Hornets will look to get out of this slide on Sunday against the New Orleans Pelicans .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 119 - 109 , at Spectrum Center on Sunday . While this game was close throughout the first half , the Pelicans took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the difference in the game , as New Orleans outscored Charlotte , 22 - 21 . Defense was key for New Orleans , as they held Charlotte to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 11 turnovers . New Orleans ended up shooting 51 percent from the field , while holding the Hornets to just 43 percent on their end . The Hornets ( 12 - 12 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Hornets is just what the doctor ordered . Jrue Holiday led the team in scoring , as he provided 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists off the bench . Anthony Davis led the team in scoring , as he tallied 36 points , six rebounds , eight assists , two steals and two blocks . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , four rebounds and seven assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . The Pelicans will look to play better on Monday , when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves . Charlotte ( 12 - 12 ) have been playing their best ball of the season recently and this win only adds to that success . Frank Kaminsky led the team in scoring off the bench , as he tallied 19 points , five rebounds and three steals on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Kemba Walker was second on the team , as he accrued 13 points , three rebounds and five assists . Nikola Mirotic was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 16 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Julius Randle amassed 13 points and nine rebounds of his own . The Hornets will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 113 - 107 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 8 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . The key for Charlotte was their defense , as they held Denver to 39 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Denver , while committing three less turnovers . The Hornets ( 12 - 13 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Nuggets is just what they need to get going . Jamal Murray was the player of the game , as he led the team with 20 points , five rebounds and seven assists on 8 - of - 20 shooting . Nikola Jokic finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and two blocks . Marvin Williams collected 14 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Malik Beasley led the bench with 16 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Charlotte will host the New York Hawks on Saturday for their next game . The Hornets ( 12 - 13 ) have now lost nine of their last 8 games , as they continue to regress . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , dropping 21 points on 4 - of - 11 shooting . Paul Millsap was just as good , accumulating 16 points , three rebounds and two steals . Malik Beasley led the bench with 16 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Charlotte will host the Atlanta Hawks for their next game on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 108 - 107 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Hornets ( 14 - 13 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Pistons ( 13 - 13 ) , managing a 41 percent success rate from the field and eliciting 14 turnovers from their hosts as well . Kemba Walker was second on the visitors with a game - high 31 points , along with nine assists , eight rebounds , a steal and a block . Tony Parker followed with 16 points , three assists , two rebounds and three steals . Langston Galloway was next with a bench - leading 17 points , along with three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well , compiling 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . Kemba Walker was right behind him with 31 points , two assists , one rebound and one block . Andre Drummond posted a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included one block . Langston Galloway led the bench with 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Willy Hernangomez was next with 13 points , nine rebounds and one steal . Jeremy Lamb was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . Blake Griffin paced the Pistons with 26 points , 10 rebounds , seven assists and one block . Reggie Jackson tallied 18 points , two assists and one rebound . Andre Drummond posted a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included one block . Langston Galloway led the bench with 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Hornets head back home to face the Boston Celtics on Saturday night , while the Pistons remain home to face the Boston Celtics on Friday evening as well .
The New York Knicks defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 126 - 124 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . The battle of Southeastern Division rivals lived up to its billing , with the Knicks ( 9 - 21 ) pulling away in the fourth quarter of what was an exciting nip - and - tuck contest . Emmanuel Mudiay and Nicolas Batum led the way for the visitors with matching 34 - point efforts , with the former adding eight assists and six rebounds , and the latter hauling in three boards , dishing out an assist and recording a steal . Kemba Walker was right behind him with 16 points , 10 assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Enes Kanter followed with a 15 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 16 points , five assists , nine rebounds , a steal and a block . Cody Kanter paced the Hornets with a 21 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , two steals and a block . Nicolas Batum was next with 21 points , six assists and six rebounds . Vonleh contributed a 15 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included seven assists and a block . Jeremy Lamb led the bench with 16 points , nine rebounds , five assists and a block . Enes Kanter was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points , eight boards and an assist . Mudiay 's game - high 34 points led Charlotte , a total he supplemented with eight assists , three rebounds and two steals . Kevin Knox followed with 20 points , three rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Jeremy Lamb followed with a bench - leading 16 points , along with nine rebounds , five assists and one block . Noah Vonleh tallied 15 points , five boards , one assist and one block . Noah Vonleh tallied a full stat line of 15 points , 11 rebounds , seven assists and one block . Enes Kanter led the bench with 15 points , eight rebounds and one assist . The Hornets head back home to tangle with the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday afternoon , while the Hornets head to Charlotte to take on the Lakers on Saturday evening as well .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Charlotte Hornets 128 - 100 at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The Lakers ( 18 - 11 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after LeBron James led the way with a massive 24 point , 12 - assist , 12 - rebound , three - steal performance . Los Angeles got off to a hot start , but Los Angeles turned it on in the second half , outscoring the Hornets 40 - 17 during the third quarter . James went on to finish with 24 points , 12 rebounds and 11 assists on 7 - of - 15 shooting in 30 minutes . The bench was led by Sheldon McGee , who scored 19 points and grabbed six rebounds in 27 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Hornets ( 14 - 15 ) were led by Malik Monk , who finished with 19 points , five rebounds and one assist . Miles followed up with 17 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting , to go along with three rebounds and two assists . Kemba Walker was silenced to just four points in 25 minutes , while Tyson Chandler was efficient with three points and five rebounds . The Hornets were unable to get any kind of scoring rhythm , especially in the second half , which ended up being the difference in the game . The Lakers will look to bounce back when they visit Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Wednesday . Meanwhile , LeBron James notched his third triple - triple of the season with 24 points , 12 rebounds and 11 assists , in 13 minutes of action . The only other player to score triple digits for the Hornets was Kyle Kuzma , who finished with 14 points , to go along with three rebounds , three assists and one block , in 27 minutes .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 110 - 99 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Cavaliers win , but Charlotte had other ideas . The Hornets ended up shooting 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range , while the Cavaliers shot just 48 percent from the field and 40 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Charlotte winning that battle , 51 - 35 . The Cavaliers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Cavaliers ( 8 - 24 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Cleveland just adds to their impressive resume ' . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , three rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 19 shooting off the bench . Jeremy Lamb led the starters in scoring , as he totaled 18 points and eight rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Larry Nance Jr. recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 10 points and 15 rebounds . Kemba Walker led the way for Cleveland , as he accumulated 30 points , three rebounds , six assists and two steals . Marvin Williams finished second on the team with 18 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Larry Nance Jr. was a huge spark off the bench , providing 10 points , 15 rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for Charlotte is a home matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Friday . The Cavaliers ( 8 - 24 ) have now won seven - straight games , as they continue to fight for that number - one seed . Kemba Walker did all he could , as he led the team with 30 points , three rebounds and six assists . Marvin Williams totaled 18 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Jaron on deck for Cleveland is a matchup with the Toronto Raptors on Friday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 98 - 86 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 12 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . Charlotte actually led for the majority of the game , as Detroit never led by more than two points . The Hornets offense was unstoppable , as they shot 44 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range . The Pistons also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 43 - 41 . Marvin Williams led the Hornets in scoring , as he dropped 24 points and six boards . Andre Drummond was a beast down low , totaling 17 points and 16 rebounds on 8 - of - 18 shooting . Kemba Walker was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , two rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Detroit has a tough task ahead of them , as they travel to play the Boston Celtics on Sunday for their next game . Charlotte ( 16 - 15 ) had to play this game without Dwayne Wade and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to compete this season . Marvin Williams did all he could for Detroit , as he led the team with 24 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kemba Walker finished with 22 points , two rebounds , five assists and two blocks . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 12 points and five rebounds . Charlotte 's next game is on Sunday in a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 100 - 87 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were six ties and 8 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than eight points . The key for Charlotte was their defense , as they held Brooklyn to 40 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 14 turnovers . The Hornets ended up shooting 41 percent from the field , while holding the Nets to just under 40 percent . The glaring difference was down low , with Charlotte outscoring Brooklyn , 72 - 26 , in the paint . The Hornets ( 17 - 17 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 29 points , four rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Tony Parker finished with 19 points and two assists on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Cody Zeller recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and four blocks . Jeremy Lamb was huge off the bench , providing 19 points , five rebounds and three assists . On deck for the Hornets is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Saturday . Charlotte ( 17 - 20 ) had to play this game without Kenneth Faried ( knee ) , but they did n't miss a beat . D'Angelo Russell stepped up in his absence though , as he led the team with 33 points , four rebounds and two assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , finishing with 15 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Cody Zeller recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 10 rebounds . Shabazz Napier led the bench in scoring off the bench , providing 11 points and a rebound . The Nets will return to action on Saturday when they host the Milwaukee Bucks for their next game .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Orlando Magic , 125 - 100 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . Charlotte were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Hornets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Magic to 41 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 46 - 48 . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 12 points and eight rebounds on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 24 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Nikola Vucevic was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 12 points , five rebounds and two assists . Malik Monk led the bench with 21 points , three rebounds , four assists and one block . Orlando will host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game on Wednesday . The Magic ( 16 - 20 ) have been one of the surprises of the league and road wins like this just add to their impressive resume ' . Kemba Walker once again carried the load , as he scored a team - high 24 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting . He also added three rebounds and seven assists to his tally . Nikola Vucevic was a nice spark off the bench , tallying 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 12 points , five rebounds and two blocks . The Hornets will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Chicago Bulls .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 122 - 84 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Mavs ( 18 - 19 ) came in to the contest searching for their four straight victory in what has been a jaw - dropping hot streak . Standing in their way was a Hornets ( 18 - 19 ) squad that is certainly one of the unlikeliest of the season . The Hornets ( 18 - 19 ) were in urgent need of a win to keep their fading playoff hopes alive , but it was once again a balanced offensive effort that led to their first road victory . The Mavs tallied 46 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range , while also forcing 14 turnovers . Dennis Schroder led the way for the Mavericks with 18 points , seven assists , a steal and three steals . Luka shooting guard Harrison Barnes was next with 17 points , four rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block . Dwight Powell was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points , eight boards , two assists , two steals and one block . Marvin Williams supplied 10 points , two boards and two assists . Kemba Walker led the way for Dallas with 11 points , which he supplemented with five assists and three rebounds . Bismack Biyombo and Harrison Barnes turned in a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former also hauling in seven rebounds , one assist and one block , and the latter dishing out seven assists , hauling in a trio of rebounds and recording a steal . Miles was also productive in a reserve role , registering eight points , five rebounds and two assists . The Hornets head back home to face off with the Boston Celtics on Friday night , while the Hornets remain home to face off with the Denver Nuggets on Saturday night .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 114 - 95 , at Spectrum Center on Thursday . The Hornets ( 21 - 23 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Kings ( 23 - 22 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Kemba Walker for Thursday 's contest with a back injury . Charlotte was led by rookie Buddy Hield , who managed a game - high 24 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting , including a stellar 6 - of - 11 tally from beyond the arc . Six different Hornets players hit double digits in the scoring column , and Charlotte shot a stellar 45 percent from the field overall . The Kings ( 23 - 22 ) were led by Buddy Hield 's 24 points , which he supplemented with a rebound , an assist and two steals . Marvin Bagley posted 15 points , eight boards and an assist . Tony Parker supplied 14 points , six assists , two rebounds and a steal . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 14 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals . Miles added 15 points , four rebounds and an assist to lead the bench . The Hornets were led by Buddy Hield 's game - high 24 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Bogdan Bogdanovic was next with 17 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Tony Parker and Tony Parker contributed a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding six assists , two rebounds and a steal , and the latter hauling in five boards and recording three assists and a pair of steals . Willy Hernangomez was a distant second with 11 points , 16 boards , an assist , a steal and a block , while Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 14 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals . The Kings head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Saturday night , while the Hornets head to Charlotte to take on the Suns on Saturday evening .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 135 - 115 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Suns win , but Charlotte had other ideas . In fact , the Hornets led for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of that stretch . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Suns to 45 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 13 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Hornets ( 11 - 23 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Suns is just what they need to get going . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he dropped 32 points on 10 - of - 23 shooting . Jeremy Lamb was huge off the bench , as he provided 18 points , five rebounds and six assists . Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 11 points and 13 rebounds . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , accruing 21 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two steals . Nicolas Batum amassed 15 points , three rebounds and six assists of his own . Phoenix 's next game will be on Sunday , when they take on the Minnesota Timberwolves . Charlotte ( 22 - 23 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kemba Walker led the way for Phoenix , as he tallied 21 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Jeremy Lamb was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , five rebounds and six assists off the bench . Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 11 points and 13 rebounds on 5 - of - 7 shooting . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the New York Knicks , 101 - 92 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Charlotte took care of business in the second half to escape with a win . In fact , the Hornets led for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Knicks to 40 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range , while Charlotte shot just 41 percent from the field and 30 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Charlotte winning that battle , 51 - 46 . Kevin Knox led the way for New York , as he tallied 15 points , three rebounds and four assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Kemba Walker accrued 14 points , five rebounds and five assists . Willy Hernangomez totaled 11 points and 10 rebounds . Tony Parker led the way for the Hornets , as he scored 15 points off the bench . Kevin Knox led the team in scoring , dropping 19 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Willy Hernangomez recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 11 points and 10 rebounds . The Knicks return to action on Wednesday when they host the Boston Celtics , while New York will go on the road to Dallas to play the Celtics on Wednesday for their next game .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 100 - 92 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . The battle of Southeastern Division rivals lived up to its billing , with the Hornets ( 25 - 26 ) pulling away in the second half of their back - to - back . Kemba Walker led the way for the Hornets with a game - high 23 points , which he complemented with three assists and three rebounds . Meanwhile , the Grizzlies ( 25 - 26 ) saw seven players hit double digits in the scoring column , and played superbly on the defensive end as well , holding the Grizzlies ( 20 - 33 ) to sub - 32 percent success rates from the field and three - point range . Tony Parker was second on the team with 15 points , seven assists and a rebound . Tony Parker and Tony Parker contributed a pair of 15 - point efforts , with the former adding seven assists and one rebound and the latter supplying seven assists , four rebounds and a steal . Joakim Noah posted a 10 - point , 2 - rebound double - double of his own , and added two assists , a steal and a block . Justin Holiday led the second unit with 15 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Kemba Walker 's 23 points led the Hornets , a total he supplemented with four rebounds and four assists . Five other players scored in double digits in the scoring column , as Marvin Williams ( 16 points ) , Justin Holiday ( 15 points ) and Tony Parker ( 15 points ) were also productive in reserve roles . The Grizzlies head back home to face the New York Knicks on Sunday evening , while the Hornets remain home to face off with the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 125 - 118 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The Hornets ( 26 - 26 ) came in to Saturday riding high off a surprise home victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening , but they were a markedly different team on the second night of the back - to - back set . The Hornets ( 26 - 26 ) stymied Chicago to the tune of sub - 43 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , while also eliciting 10 turnovers . Kemba Walker led the way for the Hornets with a game - high 37 points , which he supplemented with six assists , six rebounds and a steal . However , he was only 10 - of - 23 from the field , including 4 - of - 9 from beyond the arc . Nicolas Batum followed with 16 points , five boards , an assist and a steal . Malik Monk led the bench with 18 points , five rebounds , three assists and one block . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well , compiling 13 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a steal . Kemba Walker 's game - high 37 points led Chicago , a total he complemented with six assists , six rebounds and one steal . Nicolas Batum provided 16 points , five boards , one assist and one steal . Zach LaVine registered 18 points , three assists and five rebounds . Jeremy Lamb was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , nine boards , two assists and one steal . Jeremy Lamb was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , nine rebounds , two assists and one steal . The Hornets head back home to face the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday evening , while the Bulls head to Charlotte to tangle with the Pelicans on Tuesday evening .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 117 - 115 , at Spectrum Center on Tuesday . Despite the final scoreline being close , the Clippers were in control for the majority of the game . The second half is when they really turned it on , as they outscored Charlotte , 33 - 23 in the 15 - minute stretch . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Clippers recording 25 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Hornets committed just five turnovers to 19 assists . The Hornets ( 26 - 27 ) had to play this game without Nicolas Batum and that was simply too much to overcome against a hot Charlotte team . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring off the bench , as he provided 34 points and seven rebounds on 13 - of - 21 shooting . Jeremy Lamb got the start for Porzingis and finished with 22 points , four rebounds and three steals . Montrezl Harrell got the start at center and dropped 16 points and 10 rebounds . Montrezl Harrell was huge off the bench , dropping 16 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 16 points and 10 rebounds on 7 - of - 13 shooting . On deck for the Hornets is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday . The Clippers ( 30 - 25 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fight for a playoff berth . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he accumulated 32 points , five rebounds and nine assists . Jeremy Lamb was second on the team , as he provided 22 points , four rebounds and three steals off the bench . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and amassed 16 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Washington Wizards , 123 - 110 , Friday at Spectrum Center . The Hornets ( 28 - 30 ) came into Friday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Kaminsky ( wrist ) . However , it was n't enough to overcome a surging Wizards ( 24 - 35 ) squad that had won four in a row . Nicolas Batum ( ankle ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Wednesday 's game against the Memphis Celtics . He played 13 minutes off the bench and had 20 points and eight rebounds . Nicolas Batum ( wrist/knee ) returned to the starting lineup after sitting out the team 's previous game . He played 39 minutes as the starting center , tallying 10 points , five rebounds , and three assists . As for the Wizards ( 24 - 35 ) , they 've now dropped two straight games after rattling off three straight victories , as the absence of Nikola Jokic ( hip ) has really taken a tole on this team . His replacement , Trevor Ariza , scored only four points on 4 - of - 13 shooting , grabbed just five rebounds in 25 minutes . As a team , Washington shot just 43 percent from the field and 26 percent from behind the arc . For the Wizards , meanwhile , the loss comes in heartbreaking fashion for a team in desparate need of a win . The Wizards are on track for a historically poor season , as they now sit at 24 - 27 and will look to carry that momentum into Saturday 's contest against Brooklyn .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 117 - 115 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . While this game was close throughout the first half , Brooklyn took care of business in the second half to cruise to a win . In fact , the Hornets led by 25 at the half , as the Hornets fought all the way back to take a lead with a few minutes left . The key for Brooklyn was their rebounding , as they snatched down 42 boards to the Hornets ' 42 . The Nets shot just 45 percent from the field and 34 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Brooklyn winning that battle , 42 - 42 . The Hornets ( 28 - 31 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 32 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals . Joe Harris was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , two rebounds and four assists off the bench . Cody Zeller recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds . Shabazz Napier led the bench in scoring , dropping 10 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting . Charlotte will be off until Monday , when they host the San Antonio Spurs . The Hornets ( 28 - 31 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 2 games behind the Hornets for the eight - seed in the east . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 32 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals . Tony Parker was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 21 points , five rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Hornets is a road matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Monday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 121 - 110 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Warriors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes of action . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Warriors recording 35 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Hornets committed 12 turnovers to 23 assists . That 's evident by the fact that Golden State took 16 more shots than Charlotte , while committing just 15 of their own . Three-point shooting was also decisive , with the Warriors going 14 - of - 41 , while Charlotte went just 7 - of - 33 from long distance . Klay Thompson led the Warriors in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 11 - of - 19 from three - point range . Stephen Curry accumulated 16 points , five rebounds and six assists . DeMarcus Cousins totaled 24 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Kevin Durant scored 20 of his own , while also snatching down seven boards . Jeremy Lamb was huge off the bench , providing 16 points , five rebounds , seven assists , four steals and two blocks . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Wednesday . The Hornets ( 28 - 32 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Klay Thompson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 3 - of - 5 from three - point range . Stephen Curry finished with 16 points , five rebounds and six assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 14 points , eight rebounds and 10 assists . On deck for Charlotte is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 118 - 113 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . Houston was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Rockets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Rockets , as they held the Hornets to 47 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Charlotte , despite committing four less turnovers . The Hornets ( 28 - 33 ) have now lost six of their last eight games , as they continue to fight for the final playoff spot . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he led the team with 35 points , four rebounds and four assists . Clint Capela was second on the team , as he totaled 23 points and 17 rebounds on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Chris Paul finished with 17 points , four rebounds , 10 assists and two steals . Nicolas Batum accumulated 17 points , six rebounds , six assists and two blocks . Houston will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Miami Heat . Charlotte ( 28 - 33 ) had lost six - straight home games coming into this matchup , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he accumulated 35 points , four rebounds , four assists and five steals on 12 - of - 22 from the field . Nicolas Batum accrued 17 points , six rebounds , six assists and two blocks . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 17 points , six rebounds and six assists . Houston will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Miami Heat .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 118 - 108 , at Spectrum Center on Sunday . Portland were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Blazers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 29 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Blazers , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Portland also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Hornets ( 29 - 34 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Jeremy Lamb led the way for Charlotte , as he provided 23 points , five rebounds and two assists off the bench . Kemba Walker led the starters , as he collected 18 points and three assists . Frank Kaminsky led the bench in scoring , as he totaled 18 points and seven rebounds . Frank Kaminsky was a huge spark off the bench , providing 18 points and seven rebounds . Portland 's next game is on Wednesday , when they take on the Miami Heat on the road . Portland ( 39 - 24 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a hungry Portland team . Rodney Hood led the team in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 26 points and 15 rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double in a double - double , totaling 26 points and 15 rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 26 points and 15 rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting . All five starters scored in double figures for Charlotte , with Nicolas Batum leading the team with 14 points on 5 - of - 21 shooting . Charlotte will be in action again on Wednesday in a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Miami Heat ( 30 - 34 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 29 - 35 ) 91 - 84 on Wednesday at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte . The Heat got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Hornets 29 - 18 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Heat shot just 42 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Hornets shot only 37 percent from the field and a meager 39 percent from deep . The Hornets were led by the duo of Hassan Whiteside and Kemba Walker . Whiteside went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 0 from the free throw line to score 18 points , while also recording four blocked shots . He was able to get to the free throw line at will and converted on a perfect 2 - of - 3 attempts . Olynyk on the other hand recorded 22 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , 11 rebounds and two steals . Olynyk has been on an absolute tear of late , posting three double - doubles in a row , while averaging 25 points and 10 rebounds over that span . Walker on the other hand shot 5 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding two rebounds and seven assists . The only other Hornet to reach double figures in points was Josh Richardson , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) in 39 minutes . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday , while the Hornets will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Friday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 30 - 35 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 27 - 38 ) 112 - 111 on Friday at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte . The Hornets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Wizards 32 - 22 in the first quarter alone . The Hornets were the superior shooters in this game , going 42 percent from the field and 34 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went just 47 percent from the floor and a meager 33 percent from deep . With the quick start and superior shooting , the Hornets were able to out - rebound the Wizards 46 - 46 , giving them even more of an advantage . The Hornets were led by a huge performance from Marvin Williams , who went 10 - for - 16 from the floor to score a team - high of 30 points , while also adding seven rebounds and two blocked shots . It was a career - high in points for the guard , who 's now averaging 15 points and 4 assists on the season . Lamb on the other hand recorded 19 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 8 - 8 FT ) , 10 rebounds , four assists and two blocked shots , despite playing just 26 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 26 points and 26 rebounds over his last two games . The only other Hornet to reach double figures was Bradley Beal , who posted 15 points ( 4 - 21 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and seven assists . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 46 - 25 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 31 - 39 ) 118 - 114 on Tuesday at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte . The Sixers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Hornets 31 - 30 in the first quarter alone . The 76ers were the superior shooters in this game , going 50 percent from the field and 34 percent from the three - point line , while the Hornets went just 43 percent from the floor and 26 percent from deep . The 76ers were led by Jeremy Lamb , who came off the bench to score 26 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 11 - 12 FT ) , while also adding 11 rebounds and two steals in 29 minutes . It was a season - high in points for him , as it was also his second double - double of the year . J.J. Redick was also a huge factor in the win . He went 8 - for - 19 from the field and 7 - for - 14 from the three - point line to score a season - high of 27 points , while also adding eight rebounds and eight assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 28 rebounds over his last two games . J.J. Redick was able to record a double - double of his own , finishing with 27 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 7 - 14 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 10 rebounds and eight assists . It was the first time in six games that he failed to reach double - digit points , but it was n't enough to get the job done . The Sixers ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday , while the Hornets will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 113 - 106 , at Spectrum Center on Thursday . The Hornets ( 32 - 39 ) came into Thursday 's contest in urgent need of a win , not only to keep pace behind the eighth - seeded Denver Nuggets in the Western Conference , but to also put the considerable bad taste of a 116 - 74 loss to the Wolves on Tuesday behind them . However , the dynamic duo of Kemba Walker and Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the Hornets with matching 20 - point efforts to spearhead the Hornets ( 32 - 39 ) on the road . Towns added a pair of assists and a block , while Towns added 21 points , 16 rebounds , six assists , two blocks and a steal . Jeremy Lamb was highly efficient off the bench with 13 points , 10 rebounds and an assist in 27 minutes . Walker 's game - high 31 points led the Hornets , a total he complemented with six assists and five rebounds . Wiggins supplied 20 points , two assists , five rebounds and a steal . Jeremy Lamb was outstanding off the bench over 28 minutes , posting a 13 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . Marvin Williams managed 13 points , three rebounds , a steal and two blocks . Nicolas Batum ( two points ) , Nicolas Batum ( two points ) and Dwayne Collision ( four points , five rebounds , five assists ) and Nicolas Batum ( two points , four rebounds and a block ) turned in modest performances as well . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and a pair of steals . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with a game - high 31 points , which he complemented with six assists and five rebounds . Wiggins and Wiggins followed with a pair of 20 - point efforts , with the former adding two assists , five rebounds and a steal , and the latter hauling in four boards . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well , compiling 13 points , 10 rebounds and an assist . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well , managing 13 points , 10 rebounds and an assist . The Hornets head back home to face off with the Boston Celtics on Saturday night , while the Timberwolves remain home to face off with the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday night .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Boston Celtics , 124 - 117 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Celtics win , but Charlotte had other ideas . The Hornets ended up shooting 44 percent from the field and 47 percent from three - point range , while the Celtics shot 47 percent from the field and 47 percent from long distance . Rebounding was also decisive , with the Hornets winning that battle , 53 - 42 . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Celtics ( 43 - 30 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 31 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Jaylen Brown was second on the team , as he provided 29 points , four rebounds and four assists off the bench . Marcus Morris finished with 15 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Marvin Williams amassed 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . On deck for Boston is a home matchup versus the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday . The Celtics ( 43 - 30 ) have now won eight of their last 10 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Kyrie Irving led Boston , as he tallied 31 points , seven rebounds , six assists and two steals on 12 - of - 23 from the field . Miles finished with 20 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Marvin Williams amassed 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . On deck for Boston is a home matchup versus the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 125 - 116 , at Spectrum Center on Tuesday . The Hornets came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but narrowly pulled out a win against the Spurs . In fact , the Hornets led for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of it . Defense was key , as they held San Antonio to 41 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range , while Charlotte shot 46 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range on their end . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Hornets recording 18 assists to 6 turnovers , while the Spurs committed 12 turnovers to 24 assists . The Spurs ( 43 - 32 ) had to play this game without Tony Parker ( knee ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Hornets team . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , 15 rebounds and four assists . Dwayne Bacon was n't far behind , totaling 24 points , six rebounds , three steals and three steals of his own . Rudy Gay went just 7 - of - 15 from the field , but finished with 16 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Frank Kaminsky was a huge spark off the bench , providing 15 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Hornets is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday . The Spurs ( 43 - 32 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fight for the final playoff spot in the east . DeMar DeRozan was the player of the game , as he collected 30 points , eight rebounds and four assists . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 15 rebounds and four assists . Marco Belinelli finished second on the team , providing 17 points and two steals off the bench . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Toronto Raptors , 113 - 111 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 9 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 10 points . The key for Charlotte was the free - throw shooting , as they went 12 - of - 14 , while Toronto went just 16 - of - 20 from the charity stripe . The Hornets ( 37 - 42 ) are trying to keep their playoff hopes alive and road wins like this are crucial for that pursuit . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Toronto , as he tallied 29 points , six rebounds and four assists . Serge Ibaka finished with 20 points and 12 rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Kyle Lowry finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and 11 assists . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 12 points , three rebounds and five assists , while Fred VanVleet was huge off the bench to score 12 points . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , three rebounds and five assists . Charlotte will host the Detroit Pistons on Sunday for their next game . The Raptors ( 56 - 24 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 4 games behind the Raptors for the eight - seed in the east . Kemba Walker led the way for Toronto , as he tallied 29 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Serge Ibaka finished with 20 points and 12 rebounds . Frank Kaminsky accrued 22 points and 13 rebounds . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , three rebounds and five assists . Charlotte will host the Detroit Heat on Sunday for their next game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 122 - 114 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 8 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . The Magic were unconscious from the field , as they shot 55 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 39 - 32 . Orlando also took advantage of the whistle , going 15 - of - 20 from the free - throw line . Terrence Ross led Charlotte with 35 points and six rebounds on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Jeremy Lamb got the start for Parker and finished with 22 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Miles Bridges was huge off the bench , providing 18 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals . The Magic ( 42 - 40 ) have now lost eight of their last eight games , as they continue to fight for the eight - seed in the east . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he accumulated 43 points , two rebounds and five assists . Aaron Gordon was second on the team , providing 27 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Evan Fournier finished second on the team with 22 points , while Miles provided 18 points , five rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks to his tally .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Utah Jazz 124 - 123 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . The Warriors ( 2 - 0 ) grabbed their third straight loss to the Jazz ( 1 - 1 ) on Wednesday . Golden State shot an excellent 56 percent from the field , including 53 percent from long range , while holding the Jazz to only 45 percent shooting . Kevin Durant was the high - point man in the contest , with 38 points on 14 - of - 25 shooting , to go along with seven assists , nine rebounds , one steal and one block , in 39 minutes . Stephen Curry followed up with 31 points , while the only other player to score in double digits was Jae Crowder , who chipped in 17 points on 4 - of - 9 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 32 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Warriors was Dante Exum , who finished with 13 points on 4 - of - 5 shooting . Meanwhile , six players scored in double digits for the Jazz , led by Joe Ingles , who finished with 27 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block , in 35 minutes off the bench . Rudy Gobert finished with 16 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting , and hauled in 11 rebounds , in 35 minutes . Klay Thompson struggled shooting , going 4 - of - 9 from the field on his way to 12 points .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Utah Jazz , 92 - 84 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 12 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for Memphis , as they held Utah to 35 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 15 turnovers . The Grizzlies ended up shooting 37 percent from the field , 81 percent from the free - throw line and 32 percent from three - point range . Mike Conley was the only starter to play well for the Grizzlies , as he scored a game - high 23 points on 6 - of - 20 shooting . Marc Gasol was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 18 points , 13 rebounds and four assists . Shelvin Mack was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 12 points in 24 minutes . Utah 's next game will be on Wednesday , when they take on the Houston Rockets . The Grizzlies ( 2 - 1 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Mike Conley led the way , as he tallied 23 points , seven rebounds , four assists and three steals . Marc Gasol finished second on the team , collecting 18 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jaren on deck for Utah is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Utah Jazz , 110 - 100 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 9 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the only real difference , as Utah went just 14 - of - 36 from long distance , while Utah went 13 - of - 26 . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Utah , despite committing six less turnovers . The Jazz ( 5 - 2 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Mike Conley led the way , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds and five assists . Shelvin Mack was second on the team , providing 19 points , six rebounds and three assists off the bench . Marc Gasol finished with nine points , 16 rebounds , two steals and two assists . On deck for the Grizzlies is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday . The Jazz ( 4 - 4 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . Mike Conley led Utah with 28 points , five rebounds and five assists . Marc Gasol accumulated 17 points , 10 rebounds , seven assists and four steals . Jae Crowder accrued 18 points , six rebounds and two steals . On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Utah Jazz , 124 - 111 , at Vivnt Smart Home Arena on Monday . Utah was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 23 minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Jazz to 44 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists than Utah , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 10 - 1 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Utah just adds to their impressive resume ' . Alec Burks was the player of the game , as he dropped a career - high 22 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting off the bench . Kyle Lowry recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points , seven rebounds and 11 assists . Rudy Gobert was the player of the game , as he totaled 14 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks in the win . Derrick Favors recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 10 rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Alec Burks led the bench in scoring , dropping 17 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Utah will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game . The Jazz ( 4 - 6 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . Alec Burks led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points on 7 - of - 11 from the field . Fred VanVleet led the bench , as he provided 17 points and four rebounds off the bench . The Jazz will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Dallas Mavericks , 117 - 102 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Jazz were able to prevail with a big road win . The second quarter is where the Jazz separated themselves , as they outscored the Mavericks , 38 - 27 . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Utah shooting 48 percent and Dallas hitting just 40 percent of their shots . The Jazz shot 48 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 43 made baskets . The Jazz ( 5 - 6 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Luka in the lineup , as only three players scored in double figures for the second straight game . Luka Luka led the team , as they scored 60 points in the defeat . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , dropping 14 points and five rebounds on 4 - of - 13 from the field . Alec Brunson was huge off the bench , dropping 18 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Dallas will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Mavericks ( 3 - 8 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Luka starting center Rudy Gobert led the team with 17 points and 10 rebounds on 7 - of - 9 shooting . Harrison Barnes was second on the team , as he scored 14 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 11 - point , 12 - rebound double - double in the defeat .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Boston Celtics , 123 - 115 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Jazz pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 44 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Jazz , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Utah also took advantage of the whistle , going 24 - of - 30 from the free - throw line . The Celtics also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding battle , 45 - 28 and the points , 31 - 31 . The Celtics ( 7 - 5 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Joe Ingles led the way for Boston , as he dropped a game - high 27 points to go along with five rebounds and seven assists . Rudy Gobert was equally as good , accumulating 17 points , 15 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Jae Crowder was second on the team with 20 points of his own , while adding six rebounds and four assists to his tally . Al Horford struggled , as he totaled 13 points , four rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Gordon Hayward was the player of the game , as he amassed 27 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Jae Crowder accumulated 20 points , six rebounds and four assists . Rudy Gobert totaled 17 points and 15 rebounds en route to a double - double . On deck for Utah is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Utah Jazz , 119 - 110 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 6 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Kings going 11 - of - 25 from long range , while the Jazz went just 12 - of - 39 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Kings recording 27 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Jazz committed 10 turnovers to just 21 assists . The Jazz ( 10 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Utah just adds to their impressive resume ' . Willie Cauley-Stein led the team in scoring , dropping 23 points and seven rebounds on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jae Crowder was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points , five rebounds and two steals . Bogdan Marjanovic came off a bench role to provide 17 points and eight rebounds . On deck for the Jazz is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday . The Kings ( 10 - 8 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Willie Cauley-Stein led the team in scoring though , dropping 23 points and seven rebounds on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jae Crowder was second on the team , with his 16 points and five boards . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 15 rebounds in the defeat . The Jazz will look to get out of this slide on Friday against the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Utah Jazz , 121 - 88 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . Indiana came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge win . Doug McDermott was huge in this loss , as he scored a game - high 21 points to go along with six rebounds and two assists . Myles Turner was second on the team , with 16 points , four rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Domantas Evans recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and a steal . Doug McDermott led Indiana in scoring , as he dropped 21 points , six rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Myles Gobert was a presence down low , as he totaled 16 points and six rebounds on 6 - of - 7 shooting . Doug McDermott was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 21 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting . The Pacers ( 12 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Doug McDermott led the way , as he tallied 21 points , six rebounds and two assists . Myles Gobert finished second on the team , totaling 16 points , four rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Domantas Evans came off the bench to provide 13 points , two rebounds and two assists . On deck for Utah is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday . The Pacers ( 12 - 12 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Doug McDermott led the team in scoring off the bench , as he dropped 21 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Rudy Gobert was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 12 points and six rebounds . Rudy Gobert was a force down low , accruing 12 points , six rebounds and four blocks . Utah will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Phoenix Suns .
The Utah Jazz defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 139 - 105 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Tuesday . The Spurs ( 12 - 13 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Rudy Gobert led the way for Utah with 18 points , 10 rebounds , three blocks and one steal on 5 - of - 7 shooting . D.J . Pöltl led all scorers with 20 points on 9 - of - 11 shooting in 19 minutes off the bench , while Rudy Gobert pitched in a double - double with 18 points and 10 rebounds . The Jazz ( 11 - 13 ) were led by D.J . Pöltl , who scored 20 points and dished out an impressive seven assists in just 12 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 16 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , while DeMar DeRozan was held to 16 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . The Spurs shot 49 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Jazz play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Houston Rockets on Wednesday , while the Spurs visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday . The Spurs begin a three - game road trip against the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday , a game - high , as they try to stop the Houston Rockets ( 8 - 9 ) at home and helped face the same day .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Houston Rockets , 118 - 91 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Thursday . The Jazz ( 13 - 13 ) pulled away in the second half to defeat the Rockets ( 11 - 13 ) by a score of 118 - 91 on Thursday , and John Favors scored a team - high 24 points off the bench . The Jazz ( 13 - 13 ) had lost their last two games at home , but have now lost three straight . Derrick Favors led the way for the Jazz with a double - double of his own , scoring 24 points ( 10 - 13 FG ) and 10 rebounds in 25 minutes . Clint Capela notched a double - double with 12 points and 10 rebounds , while Joe Ingles added 18 points , three steals , and five assists . As a team , Utah shot 51 percent from the field and recorded 26 assists on the night . They were led by 24 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) from James Harden , as well as a team - high of 0 - of - 8 from beyond the arc . Michael Carter-Williams added 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and two assists in 24 minutes , while Clint Capela double - doubled with 12 points and 10 rebounds . The Jazz just could n't get the job done on offense , as they shot just 39 percent from the field and 22 percent from behind the arc . Derrick Favors led the way with a double - double of 24 points ( 10 - 13 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 10 rebounds , and he chipped in a team - high of 0 - of - 13 shooting from the field . Up next , the Jazz will travel to San Antonio Saturday to take on the Spurs , while the Rockets will head to Dallas Sunday to play the Mavericks .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Miami Heat , 111 - 84 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 14 - 15 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Sunday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Wednesday , as he finished with 10 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and two blocks on 4 - of - 7 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 0 - of - 0 from three - point land , including a rough 0 - of - 0 from beyond the arc . Kelly Olynyk added 14 points and Kelly Olynyk added 14 points off the bench . Rudy Gobert was the only Heat starter to post double - digit scoring , as he scored 10 points and pulled down 11 rebounds in his Utah debut . Rodney McGruder led the Heat with 16 points , while Kelly Olynyk added 14 points off the bench in 27 minutes . The Jazz were led by Rodney McGruder , who scored a team - high 16 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting in 26 minutes off the bench , while Kelly Olynyk scored 14 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting in 27 minutes off the bench . Both teams play on Saturday , as the Jazz host the Memphis Grizzlies , while the Jazz visit the Orlando Magic .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Golden State Warriors , 108 - 103 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 15 - 17 ) used a strong second half to outlast the Warriors ( 21 - 11 ) by a score of 108 - 103 on Wednesday at Vivint Smart Home Arena . Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson drained two three - pointers in the last few minutes to seal the victory for the Jazz . The Jazz trailed by as many as 30 points in the first half , but the Curry-Thompson combination each scored more than 18 points . Curry led the way with a game - high 32 points on 12 - of - 21 shooting , including a perfect 5 - of - 9 from deep . He added three rebounds , three assists , three steals and one block in 37 minutes . Jae Crowder was the only other Warrior to score in double figures , as he scored 18 points on efficient 6 - 11 shooting . The Jazz shot just 40 percent from the field as a team and managed to grind out the win . Stephen Curry led all scorers with 32 points , to go along with three assists , three rebounds , three steals and one block , in 37 minutes . Jae Crowder added 18 points , while Klay Thompson chipped in 12 points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . The Warriors will look to build on this win , as they head to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers on Friday . Meanwhile , Joe Ingles led the way for Golden State , as he scored 20 points on 7 - 13 shooting , including four three - pointers , to go along with three steals . Jae Crowder chipped in 18 points , while Klay Thompson chipped in 12 points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits for Golden State , as he chipped in 12 points , along with six rebounds , three assists , three steals and one block , in 36 minutes . The Warriors will face the second night of a back - to - back , as they go on to host the Mavericks on Saturday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Utah Jazz , 107 - 106 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . While the Jazz were expected to win this game rather easily , it took a monster effort to beat this battling Jazz team . It was tight throughout , as there were 15 ties and 25 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than seven points . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Jazz to 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . Oklahoma City did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 14 - of - 22 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a huge factor for the Thunder as well , winning that battle , 51 - 44 . The Jazz ( 16 - 18 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Paul George continued his dominance , as he tallied 43 points , 14 rebounds , six assists and five steals . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and 10 rebounds . Jerami Grant led the bench by dropping 15 points , while Jerami Grant provided 15 points and seven rebounds . On deck for the Jazz is a road matchup versus the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday . The Thunder ( 21 - 10 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to showcase their elite offense . Paul George led the way for Utah , as he collected 43 points , 14 rebounds , six assists and five steals . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and 10 rebounds . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and eight assists . On deck for Oklahoma City is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday .
The Utah Jazz claimed their third straight victory and their seventh win over the last eight games . The streaking Jazz are being led mainly by two players , Rudy Gobert and Damian Lillard . Gobert 's play on both sides of the floor has made his a matchup nightmare for opposing frontcourts . In Tuesday 's game , , Gobert finished with 18 points , grabbed nine rebounds and racked up seven blocks in 33 minutes . Lillard 's backcourt partner , CJ McCollum , also contributed 11 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting . As a team , the Jazz shot an impressive 55 percent from the field and drained 13 three - pointers . The Trail Blazers , on the other hand , shot 39 percent from the field and had 12 turnovers on the night . Only one starter scored in double figures , and Damian Lillard led the team with 20 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting from the field . Rudy Gobert also managed a double - double , scoring 18 points and pulling down 14 rebounds . Up next , the Jazz will look to extend their winning streak to 25 games Thursday against the 76ers , while the Trail Blazers will head to Golden State to take on the Warriors on Thursday . Salt Lake City , the Jazz will take on the 76ers in Golden State Thursday , in what will be a first - round preview . Utah will travel to Salt Lake City to play the Warriors on Thursday , and the Trail Blazers will travel to Philadelphia to take on the league - worst 76ers .
The Sixers turned a slim seven - point lead at halftime into a robust 22 - point edge by the end of the third quarter , as they outscored the Jazz by a 19 - 27 margin during the period . They shot 50 percent from the field and only 37 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 16 turnovers . Joel Embiid 's 23 - point , 15 - rebound double - double paced Philadelphia . Dante Exum was next with 20 points , while Rudy Gobert turned in a 17 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . T.J. McConnell supplied 10 points and seven assists . Joe Ingles and Joe Ingles turned in nine and nine points , respectively . Donovan led for Philadelphia with 23 points , which he supplemented with 15 rebounds , six assists , five blocks and a steal . Dante Exum led the second unit with 20 points , while Dante Exum was next with 20 points . Joe Ingles and T.J. McConnell supplied a pair of nine - point efforts , and Joe Ingles and Mike Muscala supplied a pair of nine - point efforts off the bench . The Sixers head back home to face off with the New York Knicks on Sunday afternoon , while the Sixers remain home to face off with the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday evening , while the 76ers travel to Salt Lake City for a showdown with the Trail Blazers on Saturday evening , while the Sixers travel to Portland for a Saturday night showdown with the Trail Blazers - rival Trail Blazers some time .
The Utah Jazz defeated the New York Knicks , 129 - 97 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Jazz dominated from start to finish , as they led for over 42 minutes of this game and led by at least six points for the entirety of the second half . The second quarter is where they spread it out , outscoring the Knicks , 32 - 17 . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Utah wining that battle , 52 - 55 . They also dominated the points off turnover differential , winning that , 31 - 15 . The Jazz ( 18 - 19 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the way , as he tallied 18 points and two rebounds . Luke Kornet was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 14 points , six rebounds and five assists . Thabo Kanter recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 10 rebounds and three steals . The Jazz will be off until Tuesday , when they play the Denver Nuggets on the road for their next game . Utah ( 18 - 19 ) had to play this game without Courtney Lee , but they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Jazz . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he provided 18 points and two rebounds off the bench . Luke Kornet was the only starter in double figures , as he tallied 14 points , six rebounds and five assists . Thabo Kanter recorded a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . On deck for the Jazz is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Orlando Magic , 106 - 93 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 21 - 21 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Sunday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Wednesday , as he scored 12 points , grabbed 14 rebounds and dished out two assists on 4 - of - 8 shooting ( 4 - of - 4 FT ) . The Magic were led by D.J . Augustin , who scored 23 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting , to go with six assists and three rebounds in 29 minutes . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring with 20 points , in addition to eight rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz , as he scored 16 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . The Jazz ( 17 - 24 ) were led by D.J . Augustin , who shot a robust 7 - of - 11 from the field , including 3 - of - 6 from behind the arc in 29 minutes . Nikola Vucevic added 18 points and eight rebounds , while Terrence Ross added 13 points off the bench . Both teams play on Friday , as the Magic visit the Boston Celtics , while the Magic host the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 113 - 95 Friday at Vivint Smart Home Arena . The Jazz ( 22 - 21 ) were at risk of losing their fourth straight game heading into Friday , but it was a complete team effort against a struggling Utah team . It was a true team effort that saw all five starters score in double figures , including Michael Beasley , who led the team with 17 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting from the field . Michael Beasley led the bench in scoring , putting up 17 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , while Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double of 12 points and 18 rebounds in just 31 minutes . As a team , it was a very strong shooting night for Utah , as they shot 40 percent from the field overall and 36 percent from behind the arc . For the Lakers , it was a night to forget , with only three players managing to score in double figures . Michael Beasley was the high - point man for the Lakers , as he finished with 17 points in 17 minutes off the bench . The only other Laker to score in double figures was Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who scored only 12 points in 26 minutes . As a team , the Lakers shot just 36 percent from the field and 19 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Jazz will head home Sunday to take on the Bulls , while the Lakers will travel to Cleveland on Saturday to play the Cavaliers .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Chicago Bulls 110 - 102 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . The Jazz ( 23 - 21 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Friday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Saturday , as he finished with 15 points , 16 rebounds , eight assists , two steals and two blocks on 5 - of - 6 shooting . Both teams play on the road on Monday , as the Jazz host the Detroit Lakers , while the Bulls visit the Los Angeles Lakers . The Bulls , on the other hand , will play the Los Angeles Clippers in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs . The Jazz begin a two - game homestand against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday . The Bulls have lost their last two games , most of the current eight - game road trip . The Bulls started the second half with a 2 - 2 record , but it did n't come without a few heroic offensive performances . Zach LaVine led the way with 21 points , six assists and three rebounds , while Jabari Parker added 11 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Rudy Gobert was a spark plug off the bench , scoring 15 points and 16 rebounds in 39 minutes . The Bulls will host the Los Angeles Lakers ( 7 - 36 ) on Monday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Detroit Pistons , 100 - 94 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the only real difference , as Detroit went just 11 - of - 36 from the charity stripe , while Utah went 26 - of - 36 . The Jazz also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 55 - 38 . Detroit also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 31 - 4 . The Jazz ( 24 - 21 ) have now lost nine of their last 9 games , as they continue to climb up the standings . Blake Griffin led the way for Detroit , as he tallied 19 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals . Andre Drummond was their best player , as he totaled 15 points , 13 rebounds and three steals . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 13 points on 3 - of - 10 shooting . Detroit will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game . Utah ( 24 - 21 ) had to play this game without Blake Griffin and that was simply too much to overcome against a hot Utah team . Blake Griffin led the way for Utah , as he collected 19 points , four rebounds and four assists . Rudy Gobert finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , 25 rebounds and three blocks . Reggie Bullock was huge off the bench , providing 13 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . On deck for Utah is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 115 - 99 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . The Jazz ( 26 - 21 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Friday , and contributed 19 points , 15 rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks on 8 - of - 10 shooting . The shooting guard was effective on both ends of the floor , where the Jazz shot an efficient 35 percent from the floor and 35 percent from three - point range . On the other side , the Jazz received a monstrous effort from Rudy Gobert , who finished with 19 points and 15 rebounds on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Gobert led the Jazz in scoring with 19 points , to go along with 15 rebounds , five assists , two blocks and two steals on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Cameron Payne added 14 points , four rebounds and three assists in 32 minutes off the bench , while Jordan Clarkson pitched in 13 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Cavs , but it was n't enough to overcome a lack of depth . They shot just 41 percent from the field and 29 percent from behind the arc on Friday . Up next , the Jazz host the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . Utah is off until Monday , when they host the Nuggets .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Utah Jazz , 109 - 104 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . The Blazers ( 29 - 19 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from star point guard Damian Lillard . Lillard scored a game - high 26 points , to go along with eight assists and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 20 shooting . McCollum added 14 points on 6 - of - 17 shooting , while CJ McCollum added 14 points , four rebounds and four assists . Portland got out to a hot start , shooting 8 - of - 18 from long range and 50 percent from the field overall . The Jazz ( 26 - 22 ) were led by Damian Lillard , who scored a team - high 26 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting , and added eight assists and eight rebounds in 37 minutes . The bench was led by C.J . McCollum who shot 6 - of - 17 from the field and 2 - of - 4 from three and a team - high 26 points . Ricky Rubio rounded out the box score with 15 points , two assists and two steals , while Rudy Gobert finished with 10 points , 13 rebounds and four blocks in the contest . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Blazers host the Oklahoma City Nuggets , while the Trail Blazers make , against the Denver Nuggets ( 33 - 18 ) . The Jazz , meanwhile , will visit the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 54 - 33 ) .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Denver Nuggets , 56 - 108 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . Denver were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Jazz pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 30 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Denver to 48 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 14 turnovers . In addition , Utah shot 43 percent from the field , while Denver shot just 48 percent from the field . Rebounding was the biggest difference for Utah , with the Jazz winning that battle , 40 - 50 . The Jazz ( 31 - 15 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to showcase their elite offense . Nikola Jokic led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points , 21 rebounds and six assists on 10 - of - 21 shooting . Will Barton was second on the team , as he accrued 22 points , nine rebounds and five assists off the bench . Gary Harris also scored 16 points , going 6 - of - 9 from three - point range . The Jazz return to action on Friday , when they host the Jazz for their next game . The Nuggets ( 31 - 15 ) had won four - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , 21 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Ricky Rubio was n't far behind , finishing with 17 points , three rebounds and six assists . Will Barton was a nice spark off the bench , as he provided 22 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 10 rebounds .
The Utah Jazz ( 28 - 22 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 24 - 25 ) 106 - 102 on Friday at the Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City . The Jazz got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Timberwolves 31 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Jazz were the superior shooters in this game , going 39 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went just 42 percent from the floor and a meager 31 percent from beyond the arc . The Jazz were also able to force the Timberwolves into 21 turnovers , while committing only 11 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Jazz were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who went 12 - for - 19 from the field and 7 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 33 points , while also adding 10 rebounds , three steals and three blocked shots . It was a season - high in points for Mitchell , as the team only had a better contribution , so it was n't all good for the guard . Andrew Wiggins also did his best to keep the Timberwolves in this game . He went 8 - for - 26 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding 11 rebounds and a blocked shot . It was a new season - high in points for him , while the double - double was his first of the year as well . Posting a double - double of his own , Jerryd Bayless came off the bench for 11 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) , eight rebounds and five assists in 40 minutes . The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points was Joe Ingles , who came off the bench for 12 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) . The Timberwolves ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Sunday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 128 - 112 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Jazz going 12 - of - 35 and the Hawks hitting just 14 - of - 46 . Atlanta also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Jazz ( 30 - 23 ) had to play this game without Paul George ( ankle ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Rudy Gobert was the player of the game , accumulating 25 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks on 7 - of - 7 from the field . Ricky Rubio was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , three rebounds and four assists . Joe Ingles and Joe Ingles were the only other Jazz players in double figures , as they scored 19 points a piece . Atlanta will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Phoenix Suns . The Jazz ( 30 - 23 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Rudy Gobert led the way for Utah , as he collected 25 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks . Joe Ingles was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Dewayne Dedmon started for LaMarcus Aldridge and amassed 15 points and seven rebounds . The Hawks will host the Phoenix Suns on Saturday for their next game .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Utah Jazz , 125 - 98 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . The Rockets ( 30 - 24 ) learned earlier in the day that they would be without star forward Eric Bledsoe , who was sidelined with a knee injury . James Harden led the way with a spectacular 43 - point , 12 - rebound , five - assist night that also included a pair of blocks , but the Rockets ( 30 - 22 ) could n't quite hold off the Rockets ( 30 - 24 ) on their home court . All five Houston starters managed double - digit scoring , and Houston shot a solid 46 percent from the field overall and 39 percent from three - point range . The Jazz were led by James Harden 's career - high 43 points , which he supplemented with 12 rebounds , five assists , four blocks and six steals . Gerald Green followed with a bench - leading 25 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds and one assist . Jae Crowder and Austin Rivers followed with matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , one assist and four steals , and the latter providing two rebounds , five assists and two steals . Kenneth Faried posted a 16 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included a block . Joe Rivers drew the start for Brandon Knight ( knee ) and produced 16 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals . Austin Rivers totaled 16 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals . Kenneth Faried posted a 16 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included a block . Eric Gordon led the second unit with nine points , two rebounds and one assist . The Jazz head back home to tangle with the Phoenix Suns on Monday evening , while the Jazz remain home to face the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday evening .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Phoenix Suns 116 - 88 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 31 - 24 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from star point guard Josh Jackson . Jackson scored a game - high 27 points , to go along with seven assists , four rebounds and five steals , while Jackson added 27 points , five assists and four rebounds on 9 - of - 16 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 1 - of - 4 three - pointers to go with 27 points , to go along with 27 points , seven assists , five rebounds and five steals on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Ricky Rubio fell just short of a triple - double , supplying 13 points , six assists , nine rebounds and three steals . Rudy Gobert was a force on the glass and led all scorers with 16 points , to go along with 12 rebounds , three blocks , two assists and three steals . Both teams play on the road on Friday , as the Jazz visit the Golden State - hot Golden State Warriors ( 31 - 24 ) . Meanwhile , Josh Jackson led the way for Utah , as he poured in 27 points , to go along with four rebounds , seven assists and five steals , in 14 minutes . Kelly Oubre Jr. was also effective off the bench , adding 16 points , four rebounds , three assists and one block , in 33 minutes .
The Utah Jazz defeated the San Antonio Spurs 125 - 105 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . The Jazz ( 32 - 24 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Friday , and came out of the All-Star break on Saturday . He scored 21 points , to go with 13 rebounds , four assists and two blocks on 8 - of - 10 shooting , while DeRozan added 23 points , five rebounds and five assists on 10 - of - 19 shooting . The Jazz ( 32 - 26 ) shot 45 percent from the field , but struggled from long range , where they hit only 39 percent . The Spurs ( 32 - 26 ) were led by DeMar DeRozan , who scored a team - high 23 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting , to go along with five assists and two rebounds , in 36 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz was Patty Mills , who finished with 14 points , to go along with four rebounds and five assists , to lead the bench . DeMar DeRozan was the high point man for the Spurs , with 23 points , on 10 - of - 19 shooting , in 27 minutes off the bench . LaMarcus Aldridge followed up with 15 points , while Derrick Favors chipped in 11 points on strong shooting off the bench . The Spurs will look to bounce back , as they go on to play host to the Grizzlies on Tuesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Dallas Mavericks 125 - 109 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . The Jazz ( 33 - 26 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Friday and finished with 15 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks on 4 - of - 8 shooting , while Trey Burke added 20 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Trey Burke led the Mavericks in scoring with 20 points , to go along with seven rebounds and six assists . Dirk Nowitzki contributed 15 points and two rebounds on 6 - of - 14 shooting across 27 minutes . The Mavericks were led by Tim Hardaway , Jr. , who finished with a career - high 25 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with eight rebounds and six assists . Trey Burke was the only other player to score in double figures , scoring 20 points , to go along with three rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 15 shooting . The Jazz were led by Tim Hardaway Jr. , who scored a team - high 21 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting in 32 minutes off the bench , while Dwight Powell added 12 points and six boards off the bench . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Jazz host the Los Angeles Clippers , while the Jazz host the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 111 - 105 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 34 - 26 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Sunday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Wednesday , as he finished with 20 points , 13 rebounds , two assists and four blocks on 6 - of - 9 shooting . The starting backcourt of Danilo Gallinari and Derrick Favors proved to be too far behind , scoring 18 points and adding five rebounds and one assist . Favors finished with 13 points , 11 rebounds , one assist , two steals and three blocks on 5 - of - 11 shooting , while Williams led the Clippers with 18 points , two rebounds and six assists on 5 - of - 18 shooting ( 2 - of - 3 from 5 - point territory ) . Derrick Favors pitched in with a 13 - point , 11 - rebound double - double to go along with three assists , three steals and a block . The Jazz were led by Danilo Gallinari , who scored 18 points on 14 shots in 30 minutes , while Patrick Beverely and JaMychal Green combined for 33 points on 26 shots from the field . The Jazz host the Denver Nuggets on Thursday , while the Clippers play the same night when they visit the Sacramento Nuggets .
The Utah Jazz ( 36 - 26 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 48 - 15 ) 115 - 111 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Jazz had other ideas . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Bucks , as they led by double - digits for the majority of the game . Utah shot 46 percent from the field , while the Bucks shot just 39 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Jazz recording 26 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Bucks committed 15 turnovers to just 20 assists . Giannis Favors led the Bucks with 43 points , 14 rebounds and eight steals on 10 - of - 12 shooting . Derrick Favors finished second on the team with 23 points and 18 rebounds . Brook Lopez was the only other starter with more than seven points , as he totaled 16 points and eight rebounds . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Milwaukee will look to play better on Monday , when they host the Phoenix Suns . The Jazz ( 36 - 26 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Derrick Favors led the way , as he tallied 23 points and 18 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 from the field . Derrick Favors was second on the team , as he accrued 23 points and 18 rebounds . Brook Lopez finished with 16 points and eight rebounds . Joe Ingles and Joe Ingles were the only other Jazz players in double figures , as they scored 14 points a piece .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Utah Jazz , 115 - 112 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . The Pelicans ( 30 - 36 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from their big men . Jrue Holiday led the way with 30 points , in addition to four rebounds and one assist , to go along with two steals on 7 - of - 23 shooting . Jrue Holiday was the high - point man for the Jazz ( 30 - 36 ) , with 30 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting , including 4 - of - 7 from long range . Five other players scored in double digits for the Pelicans , including Jae Crowder , who finished with 20 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds and one assist . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz , as he contributed eight points , along with 0 - of - 6 shooting , in 33 minutes off the bench . This marks the second straight win for the Pelicans , who will look to extend their streak , as they play host to the Jazz on Wednesday . Meanwhile , six players scored in double digits for Utah , led by Kyle Korver , who finished with 20 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Jae Crowder added 20 points , while also contributing six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Utah Jazz , 98 - 89 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 12 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Jazz to 36 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Utah , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 41 - 26 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Russell Westbrook carried the load , as he tallied 23 points , 11 rebounds and eight assists . Rudy Gobert was a presence down low , accumulating 15 points , 12 rebounds and four blocks . Jae Crowder was second on the team in scoring , dropping 12 points and eight rebounds . Utah 's next game is on Wednesday , when they play the Phoenix Suns on the road . The Thunder ( 41 - 26 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Dennis Schroder was the player of the game , as he accumulated 24 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Paul George finished second on the team , totaling 14 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and three steals . Jae Crowder was the only other Jazz player in double figures , accumulating 12 points , eight rebounds and four steals . On deck for the Jazz is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 120 - 100 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Thursday . The Jazz ( 39 - 29 ) improved upon their slight lead over the Clippers for the fourth seed in the Western Conference with a win over the shorthanded Timberwolves , as Paul George ( ankle ) was sidelined for a second straight game . Karl-Anthony Towns did everything he could to keep the Timberwolves ( 32 - 37 ) alive , as he led the way with 26 points , 12 rebounds and one steal on 9 - of - 15 shooting ( 3 - of - 4 ) , including 3 - of - 4 from behind the arc . Five other players scored in double digits for the Jazz , including Derrick Wiggins , who chipped in 14 points on 6 - of - 17 shooting , in 27 minutes off the bench . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits for Minnesota , as he chipped in 12 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench . The Jazz were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who finished with a monstrous 26 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting , to go along with 12 rebounds , in 32 minutes . Tyus Jones followed up with 12 points , nine assists , three rebounds and one steal . Joe Ingles went to the bench as well , with 12 points , eight assists , five rebounds , two blocks and one steal , in 30 minutes . This marks the second straight loss for the Timberwolves , who will look to bounce back , as they play host to the Rockets on Saturday .
The Utah Jazz ( 40 - 29 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 36 - 35 ) 114 - 98 on Saturday . The contest was truly a tale of two halves , with Utah opening up a 21 - point lead by the first quarter and never looking back . Brooklyn was led by a pair of 22 - point efforts from Spencer Dinwiddie and Rudy Gobert , but the high - scoring offense on the night was D'Angelo Russell 's near double - double of 20 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . The Jazz ( 40 - 29 ) were led by Spencer Dinwiddie , who tallied 22 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with 20 points , four assists , five rebounds and a steal . Georges was only able to muster a modest 13 points , but did haul in 12 rebounds and dished out a assist . The Jazz remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently one game behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Los Angeles to face the Clippers on Sunday night . Brooklyn was paced by Spencer Dinwiddie , who supplied 22 points , a rebound , two assists and a steal . Derrick Favors followed with a 13 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . Theo mate Derrick Favors managed a near double - double with 13 points , 12 rebounds , an assist and three blocks . Jae Crowder managed 12 points , four rebounds and a steal , while C.J . Ingles managed just two points , four assists , six rebounds and a pair of steals . The Nets remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Monday night versus the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Utah Jazz ( 44 - 30 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 58 ) 125 - 92 on Monday at the Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City . The Jazz got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 26 - 21 in the first quarter alone . The Jazz were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 56 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 41 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from deep . The Jazz also out - rebounded the Suns 43 - 36 , even furthering their advantage in this one . The Suns ' backcourt duo of Devin Booker and Derrick Favors did most of the damage to the Suns in this victory . Booker went 19 - for - 34 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a career - high of 59 points , while also contributing four rebounds and four assists . It was a career - high in points for him , as he 's only averaging 17 points per game so far this season . Pitching in with a double - double , Rudy Gobert finished with 27 points ( 9 - 11 FG , 9 - 11 FT ) and 10 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 41 points and 23 rebounds over his last two games . Derrick Favors also played a factor in the win . He went 9 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the free throw line to score 18 points , while adding eight rebounds as well . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 18 points and 6 rebounds . Notching a double - double of his own , Deandre Ayton had nine points ( 4 - 7 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) , seven rebounds and a block . The Jazz ' next game will be on the road against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday , while the Jazz will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 115 - 100 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 45 - 30 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from their big men . Kyle Kuzma led the way for Utah with 21 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting and two rebounds , in 31 minutes , while JaVale McGee was solid with 16 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Alex Caruso was the only other player to score in double digits for the Lakers , as he chipped in 13 points , to go along with two rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 26 minutes off the bench . The Jazz ( 45 - 30 ) shot 49 percent from the field and 31 percent from long range , while they dished 33 assists . Rudy Gobert led the way for the Jazz with 22 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting , along with 11 rebounds , three blocks and two steals , in 30 minutes . Joe Ingles chipped in 11 points off the bench , on only 4 - of - 10 shooting , including 3 - of - 7 from long range , in his 29 minutes . Kyle Kuzma came up big in the clutch , as he finished with 21 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , in 33 minutes off the bench . Joe Ingles went a perfect 4 - 10 from the field but finished with 11 points and nine assists , in 29 minutes off the bench . The Lakers will face the second night of a back - to - back , as they go on to host the Hornets on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Washington Wizards , 128 - 124 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 9 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the only real difference , as Washington went just 15 - of - 37 from the charity stripe , while Utah went 18 - of - 18 . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Washington , despite committing six less turnovers . The Wizards ( 46 - 46 ) have now lost five of their last eight games , as they continue to showcase their elite offense . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 34 points , four rebounds , six assists and two steals on 13 - of - 25 from the field . Jae Crowder was second on the team , scoring 18 points on 6 - of - 7 shooting . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 17 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . The Jazz will be in action again on Sunday against the Denver Nuggets . The Jazz ( 46 - 30 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Bradley Beal was the star , as he led the team with 34 points , four rebounds and six assists . Joe Ingles was second on the team , finishing with 18 points and 10 assists . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 17 rebounds , three assists and three blocks .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Charlotte Hornets , 111 - 102 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Jazz going 15 - of - 35 and the Hornets hitting just 7 - of - 30 from long distance . Kemba Walker led Charlotte with 47 points , adding five rebounds and three assists to his tally . Willy Hernangonez was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Ricky Rubio went just 5 - of - 6 from the field , but still accumulated 20 points , two rebounds and 13 assists . Jeremy Lamb was a huge spark off the bench , providing 23 points and four steals on 9 - of - 16 shooting . The Jazz ( 47 - 30 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he tallied 47 points , five rebounds and three assists on 15 - of - 28 shooting . Ricky Rubio finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , two rebounds and 13 assists . Willy Hernangomez got the start at center and totaled 15 points , eight rebounds , two assists and two steals . Joe Ingles and Joe Ingles each scored 15 points apiece . Utah will return to action on Wednesday in a home matchup against the New Orleans Suns .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 119 - 98 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Jazz going 15 - of - 33 and the Kings hitting just 5 - of - 21 from long distance . Utah also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 46 - 47 . Sacramento also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 20 - 4 . The Jazz ( 49 - 30 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to showcase their elite offense . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he tallied 17 points and three rebounds on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points , 11 rebounds , three steals and four blocks . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 17 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . Utah will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans . Utah ( 49 - 30 ) had a tough task here in altitude , but they were able to escape with a much needed win . Buddy Hield was the star , as he led the team with 17 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Marvin Bagley finished second on the team , accumulating 13 points , 1 rebounds and two assists . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 17 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . Sacramento will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Denver Nuggets , 118 - 108 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Tuesday . The Jazz ( 50 - 31 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Sunday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Tuesday , as he scored 20 points , to go along with 10 rebounds , one assist and two blocks on 7 - of - 12 shooting . The backcourt duo of Monte and Gobert proved to be the difference in the game , as the Jazz finished with a 48 percent success rate from the field . The Jazz ( 53 - 28 ) , meanwhile , had won six straight games heading into Tuesday 's matchup . Rudy Gobert was the high - point man in the contest with 20 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , to go along with 10 rebounds and two blocks , but the shooting guard could not connect from the 0 - point line , going 2 - of - 6 in the effort . Derrick Favors added 16 points , while Mason Plumlee added 10 points and eight boards off the bench . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Nuggets host the Minnesota Timberwolves , while the Jazz visit the Los Angeles Clippers , while the Jazz host the Los Angeles a enjoy a rematch Wednesday . Minnesota , host the Clippers , on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz fended off a strong second half from Sacramento to defeat the host Kings , 123 - 117 , on Wednesday at Golden 0 Center . The Jazz ( 1 - 0 ) took care of business in the second half to take a 30 - 30 lead into the first quarter and never looked back . They were led by Donovan 's big performance of his own , as he finished with 19 points , 28 rebounds , and four blocks on 7 - of - 9 shooting , while Rudy Gobert added 19 points and 15 rebounds of his own . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz , as he finished with 22 points , including four three - pointers , to go along with six rebounds and six assists . The Kings shot 52 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Jazz host the Golden State Warriors ( 54 - 2 ) on Friday , while the Kings will visit the Golden State Warriors ( 79 - 7 ) on Friday , while the Jazz host the Golden State Warriors ( 66 - 2 ) at home and contributed a game - high 37 points in Friday 's game . Willie Cauley-Stein led the way for Sacramento with a big game with 23 points , seven rebounds , four assists , two blocks and one steal on 10 - of - 15 shooting across 36 minutes . Derrick Favors added 18 points , nine rebounds and one assist , while Nemanja Bjelica contributed 18 points and eight rebounds off the bench . Both teams play on Friday , as the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans , while the Jazz host the Golden State Warriors .
Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies with 27 points on an efficient 10 - of - 22 shooting , including 4 - of - 11 from long range , to go along with six rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 36 minutes . Willie Cauley-Stein followed up with 15 points and 10 rebounds , while Wayne Selden was second on 13 - of - 10 shooting , including 3 - of - 6 from long range , to go along with two rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 24 minutes off the bench . Marc Gasol finished with 10 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting , along with 10 rebounds and three blocks , in 30 minutes . Meanwhile , Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies , with 27 points on 10 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with five assists , six rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . Four other players scored in double digits for the Kings , including Nemanja Bjelica , who added 11 points , 11 rebounds and five assists , in 31 minutes off the bench . The Kings shot 6 - of - 18 from long range and 38 percent from the field overall . Next , the Grizzlies will visit Washington for a contest on Saturday . This will be the second game of a four - game home stand for the Kings , while the Kings will be right back in action for the second of a back - to - back , when they play host to the Suns on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Washington Wizards , 116 - 112 , at Golden 1 Center on Friday . The Kings ( 3 - 4 ) came in to Friday 's contest with only four games remaining in the regular season , but it was n't the same story Friday . The Kings ( 1 - 4 ) were led by a pair of 26 - point efforts from the starting backcourt of John Wall and Bradley Beal . The former also added eight assists , two rebounds , three steals and three blocks , while the latter supplied eight assists , two boards , three steals and three blocks . The Wizards were paced by Nemanja Bjelica , who supplied 22 points , nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block over 28 minutes . Markieff Morris was next with 13 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . Markieff Morris was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , collecting 13 points , hauling in seven boards and dishing out an assist . Willie Cauley-Stein paced the Sacramento bench with 17 points , 11 rebounds , seven assists and a pair of steals . The Wizards ( 1 - 4 ) were led by John Wall , who posted a game - high 26 points , and added eight assists , two rebounds , three blocks and three steals . Buddy Hield was next with 22 points , five rebounds , two assists and a block . No other member of the starting five was able to tally double - digit scoring , although Marvin Bagley ( 11 points , eight rebounds ) and Marvin Bagley ( four points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals ) were underwhelming . Austin Rivers was the only other double - digit scorer on Washington , supplying six points , two rebounds and a pair of assists . The Kings head back home to face off with the Miami Heat on Sunday afternoon , while the Wizards head down to South Florida to face off with the Miami Heat on Monday evening .
The Toronto Raptors fended off a strong second half from Sacramento to defeat the host Sacramento Kings , 114 - 105 , on Wednesday at Golden 2 Center . The Raptors ( 11 - 1 ) got off to a strong start on both sides of the ball , as they opened up a 22 - 10 lead after the first quarter . From there , it was all Raptors ( 11 - 1 ) to start the second quarter , where the Raptors outscored the Kings 30 - 25 and led by as many as six in the end . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Toronto , scoring a team - high 25 points on top of 11 rebounds and two assists , while Buddy Hield scored 24 points on 9 - of - 22 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 9 shooting from behind the arc . As a team , the Raptors were hot from behind the arc , hitting 11 of their 36 shots from long range ( 31 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Kings , they did n't have the same success from their shots , as they shot just 48 percent from the field and 35 percent from behind the arc . Willie Cauley-Stein led the way with a team - high 24 points , along with eight rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block in 33 minutes of action . In the end , six different Raptors players managed to score in double figures , but it was n't enough to get the win .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 121 - 110 , at Golden 0 Center on Friday . The Kings ( 7 - 5 ) came in to Friday 's contest with only four games remaining in the regular season , but this was a different story , however , as the Timberwolves ( 4 - 9 ) came in to Friday with a combined 113 points per game . However , the Timberwolves ( 4 - 5 ) were able to pull away in the third quarter , outscoring the Timberwolves by a 58 - 29 margin over the second and third quarters . That set up a nip - and - tuck final period that saw the game come down to the final seconds , when Derrick Rose missed a 13 - foot three - point jumper at the buzzer that would have sent the game into overtime . At the 1:19 mark of the fourth quarter , it was tight throughout , as the Kings outscored the visitors by a 59 - 29 margin over the final 29 minutes . Minnesota was led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who managed 39 points , 19 rebounds , an assist and a block . Derrick Rose was next with 21 points , five assists , six rebounds and a steal . Buddy Hield continued his strong play with 15 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Jimmy Butler supplied 13 points , eight assists , eight rebounds and two steals . Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 14 points , eight rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Kosta Koufos tallied six points but added nine rebounds , two assists and three steals . Willie Bjelica paced the bench with 14 points , eight rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . Willie Bjelica paced the bench with a 25 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . Cauley-Stein led the bench with 14 points , eight rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Jimmy Butler ( 13 points , eight assists , eight rebounds and two steals ) and Taj Gibson ( nine points , nine rebounds , two assists and three steals ) were productive in reserve roles . The Timberwolves head back home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Monday night , while the Kings head to Sacramento for a Saturday night showdown with the Lakers .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Sacramento Kings , 101 - 86 , at Golden 0 Center on Saturday . The Lakers ( 6 - 6 ) came in to Saturday 's contest with only eight wins on the season , but a road win against a Lakers ( 7 - 6 ) squad is still fighting for a playoff spot . Sacramento had the good fortune of getting their star back for Saturday 's marquee battle and it came in the second half . The Lakers ( 7 - 6 ) were able to pull away in the final minute , when a LeBron James three - pointer with two seconds left made it close . The Lakers were led by a pair of 21 - point efforts from Brandon Ingram and De'Aaron , with the former also hauling in eight boards and two assists , and the latter dishing out a pair of assists , seven boards , two steals and a block . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other member of the starting five with double - digit scoring , totaling 12 points and adding four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Tyson Chandler was only able to muster three points , but did haul in 12 rebounds and recorded a block . The Kings remain atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed as well . They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Hawks on Sunday . Sacramento was paced by James ' 25 points , a total he supplemented with two assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Brandon Ingram pitched in with 12 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Buddy Hield and Marvin Kuzma followed with matching 12 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds and two assists and the latter posting four rebounds and a pair of assists . Kyle Kuzma led the reserves with 11 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals . The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They 're home again on Monday to face off against the San Antonio Spurs .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 104 - 99 , at Golden 1 Center on Monday . The outcome of the back - and - forth tussle was not certain even after the clock hit double zeros , as a three - pointer at the buzzer by Patty Bogdanović was reviewed on instant replay before being waved off for having failed to beat the clock . The last - second turn of events secured only the fifth victory of the season for the Kings ( 8 - 6 ) , which shot over 44 percent from the field and turned the ball over just 15 times in the contest . The visitors also shot 50 percent from the field and 46 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 15 turnovers from their over - matched hosts . DeMar DeRozan once again led the way for the Spurs with 23 points , which he supplemented with two assists , two rebounds and one steal . Rudy Gay and LaMarcus Aldridge followed with a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former also supplying nine rebounds and a block and the latter supplying seven rebounds , seven assists , two steals and three blocks . Derrick White supplied 11 points , five boards , five assists and a steal . Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 12 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Spurs head back home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday night , while the Spurs head to Phoenix to take on the Suns on Friday evening as well .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 117 - 113 , at Golden 1 Center on Monday . The Kings ( 9 - 6 ) came in to Monday 's contest with only eight games remaining in a row , but that simply was n't the case . In fact , Oklahoma City led by 25 points at halftime , but the Thunder ( 10 - 6 ) opened up a 16 - point lead after the first quarter and never looked back . Facing a depleted Thunder ( 10 - 6 ) lost team , Sacramento was able to maintain control throughout the second half . The Thunder ( 10 - 6 ) were led by Russell Westbrook , who posted a double - double with 29 points , seven assists , four rebounds and three steals . Paul George was right behind him with 27 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds and three assists . Marvin Bagley posted a 15 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , while Nemanja Bjelica went for 12 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a steal in 22 minutes off the bench . Buddy Hield 's game - high 25 points led the Kings , a total he supplemented with four rebounds and two assists . Iman Shumpert followed with 23 points and three boards . Steven Adams posted an 11 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . De'Aaron the trio of Steven Adams , De'Aaron in the starting five , posted four double - digit scoring efforts . Nemanja Bjelica paced the bench with 12 points , eight boards , an assist and a steal , while rookie Willie Cauley-Stein went for nine points , 14 rebounds , five assists and a steal over 31 minutes . Hield 's game - high 25 points paced the Kings , a total he complemented with four rebounds and two assists . Iman Shumpert followed with 23 points and three boards . Steven Adams posted a 11 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . De'Aaron the trio of Steven Adams , De'Aaron in the starting five , posted four double - doubles with 15 points and 15 rebounds . The Kings head to Golden State to take on the Warriors on Wednesday night , while the Kings head to Utah for a Wednesday night date with the Jazz .
The Utah Jazz fended off a strong second half from Sacramento to defeat the host Sacramento Kings on Sunday , 133 - 112 . Utah ( 9 - 11 ) has now won four of its last seven games after a horrendous start to the season that had seated them at last in the Western Conference . On Sunday , the team saw the return of star forward Ricky Favors ( rest ) . On Sunday , the team divided the scoring load very evenly , with seven starters scoring in double - digits . Center Rudy Gobert led the team with 27 points , while also pulling down a team - high 7 rebounds . The team as a whole shot an impressive 47 percent from the field and hit 10 three - pointers . Sacramento ( 10 - 10 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 18 - 18 start to the season . On Sunday , the Kings were the high - scoring offense on the night , as the team shot just 47 percent from the field and finished with nine three - pointers . Sacramento has seen a steady plummet towards the bottom of the Western Conference following an injury to star point guard Alec Burks . The team shot just 47 percent and hit only nine three - pointers on the night . It was also a big night for the Kings ' bench , as the team shot just 50 percent from the field . Sacramento will visit the Clippers on Monday , while Utah will host Indiana on Thursday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Kings , 133 - 100 , at Golden 0 Center on Thursday . The Clippers ( 15 - 6 ) came in to the game lacking some serious star power , as the starting backcourt of Avery and ( heel ) sat out the game . Los Angeles turned to their nine - point win within striking distance , as Sacramento fell just short of a lead for the entirety of the second half . Tobias Harris , who started in place of the injured Cody Zeller ( knee ) , finished with a team - high 28 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting in 35 minutes . Montrezl Cauley-Stein ( 17 ) and Danilo Gallinari ( 16 ) round out the five Clippers ' players who scored in double figures . Los Angeles shot 56 percent from the field , compared to the Kings ' 56 percent from the floor . The Clippers ( 3 - 2 ) , who led for the majority of the game , clung to a three - point lead at the end of the third quarter . From there , the Clippers outscored the Kings , 65 - 46 , in the second half . Tobias Harris was the high - point man for the Kings , as he finished with 28 points , six rebounds and four assists on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Danilo Gallinari was not far behind , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , in addition to four rebounds and two assists . Avery Bradley was the only other Kings player to score in double figures , as he scored 16 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , and Montrezl Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double off the bench , with 17 points and 10 rebounds . The Kings go on to host the Kings on Sunday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Kings , 111 - 100 , at Golden 0 Center on Saturday . Indiana was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Kings pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 38 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Kings , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Sacramento also dominated the shooting , hitting 45 percent of their shots , while holding the Kings to just 25 percent from the field . The Kings ( 13 - 36 ) have now lost 16 of their last 16 games , as they continue to struggle . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , as he dropped a career - high 27 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting . Darren Collison was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he tallied 11 points , four rebounds , 12 assists and six steals of his own . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double , amassing 17 points and 13 rebounds . Tyreke Evans was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , two rebounds and four assists . Sacramento will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup against the Kings . Sacramento ( 11 - 11 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Bogdan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , totaling 20 points , two rebounds and two assists in the defeat . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double , amassing 17 points and 13 rebounds . Thaddeus Young was second on the team , scoring 14 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting . Myles Turner recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks in the win . Tyreke Evans had a nice game off the bench , totaling 11 points , two rebounds and four assists . The Pacers will be off until Tuesday , when they play the Chicago Bulls on the road for their next game .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 97 - 130 , at Golden 2 Center on Wednesday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Timberwolves win , but Sacramento had other ideas . The key for Sacramento was the shooting , as they shot 58 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , while holding the Timberwolves to 54 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The Timberwolves were very efficient as well , as they hit 58 percent of their shots and assisted on 34 of their 50 made baskets . The Kings ( 15 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Minnesota just adds to their impressive resume ' . Nemanja Bjelica led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , five rebounds and three assists in the defeat . Buddy Hield was second on the team , as he scored 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Jeff Teague recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 13 assists . The Kings return to action on Saturday , when they host the Golden State Warriors . The Timberwolves ( 13 - 15 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he accumulated 25 points , two rebounds , two steals and two steals . Karl-Anthony Towns finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Jeff Teague accrued 12 points and 13 assists .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Sacramento Kings , 130 - 125 , at Golden 1 Center on Friday . The Warriors ( 20 - 10 ) came in to Friday 's contest with only nine road wins in 44 tries away from Barclays Center , including a 38 - 26 first - quarter deficit . They then outscored Sacramento by a 58 - 100 margin over the second and third periods . The visitors were led by a pair of 33 - point efforts from Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry , with the former adding eight rebounds and eight assists , and the latter supplying nine rebounds , three assists and one steal . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with a near double - double consisting of 2 points , 14 rebounds , 10 assists and one steal . The Warriors ( 20 - 10 ) were led by Buddy Hield 's game - high 27 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and two assists . Klay Thompson and Klay Thompson followed with matching 27 - point efforts , with the former adding three assists , nine rebounds and a steal , and the latter hauling in six boards and dishing out three assists . Kevon Looney led the bench with 10 points , eight rebounds and three assists , while Nemanja Bjelica went for 18 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal in 21 minutes off the bench . The Kings head back home to take on the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night , while the Warriors head to the Lone Star State for a Sunday evening date with the Dallas Mavericks .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 132 - 113 , at Golden 2 Center Wednesday on Wednesday . The Thunder ( 20 - 10 ) pulled out a huge win on the road against the Kings ( 16 - 15 ) . Oklahoma City jumped out to a 33 - 33 first quarter advantage and never looked back . Buddy Hield was the high - point man for the Kings , with 37 points on 11 - of - 25 shooting , including 7 - of - 14 from behind the arc . Three other players scored in double digits for the Thunder , including Jerami Grant , who chipped in 22 points on 9 - of - 11 shooting , in 20 minutes off the bench . Russell Westbrook recorded a triple - double with 19 points , 17 assists and 11 rebounds , along with six steals , in 34 minutes . Jerami Grant chipped in 22 points on 9 - of - 10 shooting , in 36 minutes off the bench . The Thunder shot 50 percent from the field as a team , but struggled from the free throw line , hitting 17 - of - 27 , to earn the victory . Paul George was the high - point man for the Thunder , with 43 points , to go along with 12 rebounds , in 24 minutes . Jerami Grant followed up with 22 points , on 9 - of - 11 shooting , along with two rebounds and one assist , in 29 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Sacramento was Terrance Ferguson , with 14 points , in 29 minutes off the bench .
Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies with 23 points on an efficient 8 - of - 18 shooting , including 7 - of - 11 from long range , to go along with seven rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block , in 32 minutes . Garrett Temple chipped in 17 points , while shooting 3 - of - 5 from long range , in his 17 minutes . Marc Gasol finished with 12 points , eight rebounds , five assists and two blocks , in 37 minutes . Meanwhile , Buddy Hield led the way for the Kings , with 28 points on 9 - of - 24 shooting , including 6 - of - 13 from long range . Marc Gasol added 12 points , five assists and eight rebounds . The only other player to score in double digits for the Grizzlies was De'Aaron , with Nemanja Bjelica , Nemanja Bjelica , who came off the bench with 11 points in 35 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies shot 38 percent from the field , while the Grizzlies shot 38 percent from the floor . Next , the Grizzlies will visit the Lakers in a game on Sunday . Sacramento will be in New Orleans on Sunday for the second half of a back - to - back , as they will look to turn things around , as they face the second game of a back - to - back , on Sunday in Los Angeles , while the Grizzlies will host the Pelicans in their next game , when they play on Sunday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 122 - 117 at Golden 1 Center on Sunday . The Kings ( 18 - 15 ) came away with their 13th home victory of the season after a rather sloppy performance from the Kings ( 15 - 19 ) . Solomon Hill led the way for Sacramento with a stellar 28 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting , while Anthony Davis added 26 points , 17 rebounds , four assists , two steals and four blocks across 39 minutes . Davis and Buddy Hield led the way for Sacramento with matching 26 - point efforts . Davis added 17 rebounds , four assists , two blocks and two steals on 7 - of - 20 shooting , while Cauley-Stein added 22 points and 17 rebounds on 10 - of - 19 shooting to lead the Sacramento bench . The Kings offense was led by Anthony Davis , who scored 26 points on 7 - of - 20 shooting and added 17 rebounds , four assists , four blocks and two steals . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican to reach double figures in scoring , finishing with 27 points , seven rebounds and six assists on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Anthony Davis scored 17 points and grabbed 17 rebounds of his own , to go along with four blocks . Tim Frazier , who started in place of Johnson , went for 12 points , seven assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block across 22 minutes of action . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Pelicans host the Dallas Mavericks , while the Pelicans visit the Dallas Mavericks .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 117 - 116 , at Golden 2 Center on Thursday . The Lakers ( 20 - 15 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Lakers ( 20 - 15 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Kyle Kuzma for Tyson Chandler , who 'd missed nine games with a knee injury . The key for the Kings was the rebounding , as they elicited 17 turnovers from the Lakers ( 20 - 15 ) . The Lakers ( 20 - 15 ) were led by Kyle Kuzma , who posted a game - high 33 points , to go along with nine rebounds and four assists . Willie Cauley-Stein was next with 19 points , nine rebounds , five assists and a block . Iman Shumpert turned in an 18 - point , six - assist double - double that also included nine rebounds and two steals . Iman Shumpert provided 18 points , six rebounds , three assists , four steals and a block . Iman Shumpert provided 10 points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Lance Stephenson led the second unit with 10 points , two rebounds , three assists and a steal . Kyle Kuzma paced the Lakers with a game - high 33 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds and four assists . Brandon Ingram pitched in with 22 points , three rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . Nemanja Bjelica contributed 18 points , six boards , three assists , two steals and a block . Josh Hart totaled 10 points , four rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block , while Josh Hart led the reserves with 10 points , four rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block . The Lakers head back home to face the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday night , while the Lakers head to Los Angeles to tangle with the Clippers on Sunday afternoon .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the host Sacramento Kings in overtime , 113 - 108 , at Golden One Center on Tuesday . The Trail Blazers came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but narrowly pulled out a win against the Kings . The key for Portland was their defense , as they held Kings to 38 percent shooting from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Blazers recording 22 assists to 18 turnovers , while the Kings committed 13 turnovers to 37 assists . Buddy Hield led the way for Sacramento , as he dropped 27 points on 11 - of - 23 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic was n't far behind , accumulating 24 points , 23 rebounds , seven assists , five steals and five blocks . Nemanja Bjelica recorded a double - double off the bench , scoring 14 points and grabbing 15 boards . On deck for Portland is a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday . The Kings ( 19 - 18 ) have now lost 13 of their last 19 games , as they continue to struggle . Damian Lillard did all he could for Sacramento , as he led the team with 25 points , six rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 16 points , one rebound and two assists . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 24 points and 23 rebounds on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Nemanja Bjelica recorded a double - double off the bench as well , accruing 14 points and 15 rebounds . On deck for the Kings is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 117 - 113 , at Golden One Center on Thursday . This was one of the closest games of the season , as there were 10 ties and 24 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than seven at any point . Free-throw shooting was the difference for Denver , as they went 21 - of - 30 while the Kings went just 10 - of - 15 . Both teams shot well , as the Nuggets shot 46 percent from the field and the Kings hit 50 percent of their shots . Bench production was decisive as well , with Denver winning that battle , 55 - 29 . The Kings ( 19 - 19 ) have now lost eight of their last 6 games , as they continue to struggle . Jamal Murray led the team in scoring , as he dropped 36 points on 6 - of - 12 from three - point range on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Mason Plumlee recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Paul Millsap was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 10 points , six rebounds and two assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup with the Charlotte Hornets . Sacramento ( 19 - 19 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those deficiencies . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he totaled 26 points and 13 rebounds on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Nikola Jokic was second on the team , totaling 26 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Paul Millsap collected 10 points , six rebounds and two assists .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 127 - 123 , at Golden One Center on Saturday . This was a game that meant a lot more to Golden State than the Kings , as there were 17 ties and 13 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 9 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Warriors recording 29 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Kings committed 8 turnovers to 34 assists . That 's evident by the fact that Golden State took 12 more shots than Sacramento , while committing just 13 of their own . Three-point shooting was also decisive , with the Warriors going 21 - of - 47 , while Sacramento went 20 - of - 47 . The Kings ( 19 - 14 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Stephen Curry carried the load , as he tallied 42 points , five rebounds and two assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , four rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green accumulated 12 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , two steals and two blocks . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 14 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for Sacramento is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday . The Warriors ( 26 - 14 ) have now lost five of their last six games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . Stephen Curry led Sacramento in scoring , as he accumulated 42 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , dropping 20 points , four rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 12 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and two blocks .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Orlando Magic , 111 - 95 , at Golden 1 Center on Monday . The Kings ( 20 - 20 ) came in to Monday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were n't able to slow down the Magic ( 17 - 23 ) in the first half . After winning the first two quarters , Sacramento ran away with the game in the second period , outscoring Orlando by a 59 - 45 margin over the final 17 minutes . Orlando was led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from Terrence Ross and Maurice Bogdanović , who also added eight rebounds , seven assists and a steal , and the latter posting a 20 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two steals . Buddy Hield was the only other member of the first unit with double - digit scoring , posting 13 points , three rebounds and an assist . Yogi Ferrell provided 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Willie Cauley-Stein supplied an 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double off the bench . Terrence Ross led the second unit with 15 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and a steal . Nikola Vucevic was next with 18 points , 13 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Yogi Ferrell registered 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and two steals . Buddy Hield led the second unit with a 13 - point effort that also included three rebounds and an assist . The Magic head back home to face the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday night , while the Magic head to the Lone Star State to take on the Jazz on Wednesday evening .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Detroit Pistons , 112 - 102 , at Golden 3 Center on Thursday . The Kings ( 21 - 21 ) came in to Thursday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were n't able to slow down their home court against a tough Detroit squad Thursday . Buddy Hield led the way for Sacramento with 18 points , while Andre Drummond posted a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . Reggie Bullock filled out the stat sheet with 15 points , six assists , a rebound and a steal . The Kings were led by Stanley Johnson , who posted a game - high 16 points off the bench . Reggie Bullock followed with a bench - leading 15 points , and Reggie Bullock followed with a full stat line of 15 points , six assists , one rebound and one steal . Willie Cauley-Stein posted a 14 - point , 14 - rebound double - double and Jon Leuer led the bench with nine points . The Kings were led by a pair of 16 - point efforts from Willie Cauley-Stein and Reggie Bullock , with the former adding four rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocks , and the latter hauling in a pair of boards , dishing out three assists and recording a steal . Willie Cauley-Stein managed a near double - double off the bench with 14 points , 14 boards , five assists and two blocks . Buddy Hield paced the Kings bench with 18 points , two rebounds and a steal . Andre Drummond posted a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a block . Iman Shumpert led the second unit with 13 points , two rebounds and a pair of assists . The Pistons head back home to face off with the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday night , while the Pistons remain home to face off with the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday night .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Kings , 104 - 89 , at Golden 1 Center on Saturday . The Kings came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge road win . Sacramento actually held a 11 - point lead after the first quarter , but the Kings responded with a 120 run to take a double - digit lead and eventually run away with an easy win . The key for Sacramento was their defense , as they held Kings to 40 percent shooting from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Kings also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 49 - 30 . The Kings ( 30 - 21 ) had to play this game without Kosta Koufos ( knee ) and Dwayne Bacon , but they did n't miss a beat . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 31 points on 11 - of - 24 shooting . Nicolas Batum was n't far behind , as he accumulated 13 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals in the win . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double , amassing 12 points and 12 rebounds . Buddy Hield had his best game in the NBA , scoring 21 points on 8 - of - 21 shooting off the bench . The Kings will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Portland Trail Blazers . The Kings ( 22 - 21 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 31 points , one rebound and four assists on 11 - of - 24 shooting . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double , amassing 12 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . Nicolas Batum accrued 13 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points and seven rebounds . Charlotte will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Portland Trail Blazers at Golden State on Monday , 115 - 107 . The Kings ( 23 - 21 ) have now won four straight and are seeing their `` Big Three `` come together as the end of the season draws near . On Monday , All-Star point guard Damian Lillard led the team with 35 points , also notching four rebounds and five assists . Shooting guard Damian Lillard , meanwhile , scored 35 points and hit four three - pointers on the night . The team also shot impeccably , hitting 48 percent from the field and hit 38 percent from beyond the arc . Portland ( 26 - 19 ) has struggled mightily of late and looks poised to finish in the lottery yet again as the season comes to an end . Buddy Hield was the high - point man for Sacramento , as he scored 19 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , including a 2 - of - 4 three - point attempts . As a team , the Kings shot an impressive 49 percent from the field and drained 10 three - pointers . For Portland , meanwhile , point guard Damian Lillard put on a show . Lillard shot just 11 - of - 27 on the night and had a team - high 35 points . It was an off night for the Blazers , however , as the team shot just 40 percent from the field and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Blazers will visit Cleveland on Thursday , while Sacramento will host the Cavaliers .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Kings , 135 - 4 , at Golden 1 Center on Wednesday . The Kings ( 26 - 25 ) came into Wednesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , to make matters worse , John Collins was able to return to the lineup after a brief stint on the sideline nursing an Achilles injury . Collins with 11 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals on a strong shooting night , including three buckets from beyond the arc . Sacramento ( 26 - 25 ) has been one of the hottest teams in the league , but fell down to ninth place with the loss to Sacramento . Defense was the key to victory , as they held the Kings to just 36 percent shooting and held the Kings to just 36 percent shooting . It was a relatively quiet night for the Kings ' backcourt of John Collins and Buddy Hield as well , as they combined for 54 points on 2 - of - 34 shooting . All five Atlanta starters scored in double figures , and the rest of the team combined to score just 18 points . It was a similar story for the Hawks , however , as the team shot just 36 percent from the field and 3 - of - 10 from three - point range . It was also a tough night for the Kings ' big men , as the team shot just 36 percent from the field . The Kings will visit Utah on Friday , while the Kings will host the 76ers on Saturday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Kings , 115 - 89 , at Golden 1 Center on Saturday . The Kings came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but narrowly pulled out a win against the Kings . It was tight throughout , as there were 14 ties and 14 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 19 points . Defense was key for the Kings , as they held the Kings to 36 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The Kings also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 46 - 34 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 39 . The 76ers ( 34 - 19 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Buddy Hield led Philadelphia , as he tallied 34 points , six rebounds and three assists on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Ben Simmons finished second on the team , totaling 22 points , eight rebounds and four assists off the bench . Marvin Bagley recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 13 rebounds . T.J. McConnell accrued seven points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Kings on Tuesday . The Kings ( 27 - 25 ) have now won 14 of their last 14 games , as they continue to struggle on the road . Buddy Hield led Philadelphia in scoring , as he tallied 34 points , six rebounds and three assists on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Marvin Bagley finished second on the team , totaling 14 points and 13 rebounds . Ben Simmons was second on the team , providing 22 points off the bench . Marvin Bagley recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 13 rebounds .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 127 - 112 , in Golden 1 Center at Golden One Center on Monday . The Kings ( 28 - 25 ) came in to Monday 's contest with only four games remaining in the regular season , but this was a game against one of the NBA 's best teams in the league . The Spurs ( 32 - 23 ) were in urgent need of a win to keep their fading playoff hopes alive , but it was ultimately the road team that prevailed in what was a tough defensive matchup . The Kings ' DeMar DeRozan was the high - point man in the contest , shooting 24 - of - 15 from the field and a 0 - for - 0 mark from three - point range . He led the way with a 24 - point tally , which included a 0 - of - 0 mark from three - point range . LaMarcus Aldridge and LaMarcus Aldridge added a pair of 22 - point efforts , and the latter also hauled in nine rebounds , dished out an assist and recorded a block . As a team , the Kings shot 56 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . DeMar DeRozan led the way for the Spurs with 24 points , four rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . LaMarcus Aldridge followed with 22 points , nine boards , one assist , one block and one steal . Buddy Hield produced 18 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Patty Mills led the second unit with 12 points , three rebounds , two assists and one steal . Iman Shumpert provided 13 points , six assists , six rebounds and one block . Dāvis Bertans led the bench with 11 points , eight rebounds , two assists and one steal . The Kings next head to the Windy City to take on the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night , while the Kings head to Sacramento to take on the Rockets on Wednesday evening as well .
The Houston Rockets fended off a strong second half from Sacramento to defeat the host Kings , 127 - 101 , on Wednesday at Golden 3 Center . The Rockets ( 32 - 22 ) came into Wednesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , as a team , the Kings ( 32 - 22 ) were the game 's top team on Wednesday and the Rockets were able to pull away for the eight - point victory . The win snapped a Kings two - game losing streak . James Harden led the way for the Rockets with a game - high 36 points , six rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block while shooting 13 - of - 26 from the field . Eric Gordon added 20 points of his own , while Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double of 13 points and 11 rebounds . For the Kings , James Harden was once again sensational , scoring 36 points on 13 - of - 26 shooting from the field and dishing out an impressive 1 assists in 2 - of - 13 shooting in 31 minutes . In the end , it was a night to forget for the Kings , as all five starters managed to score in double figures and combine for 82 of the team 's 127 points . Eric Gordon was the only other Kings starter to score in double figures , scoring 20 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting in 21 minutes . Up next , the Rockets will head to Oklahoma City on Saturday to take on the Thunder , while the Kings will look to bounce back Friday against the Heat .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Miami Heat , 102 - 96 , at Golden 0 Center on Friday . The Kings ( 29 - 26 ) came into Friday 's contest in urgent need of a win , not only to keep pace behind the eighth - seeded Denver Nuggets in the Western Conference , but to also put the considerable bad taste of a 116 - 74 loss to the visiting Golden State Warriors on Friday night . The Kings were led by a pair of strong performances from their starting backcourt , with Buddy Hield leading the way with a team - high 23 points and Buddy Bogdanović followed with a season - high 23 points . Sacramento was led by a pair of 16 - point efforts from Bogdan Bogdanovic and Josh Richardson , with the former adding five rebounds , four assists and three blocks , and the latter posting four rebounds , four assists , two steals and a pair of blocks . Dwyane Wade was the only other member of the first unit with double digits in the scoring column , supplying 15 points off the bench . The Kings ( 29 - 26 ) were led by Josh Richardson , who totaled 21 points , four rebounds , four assists , three blocks and a steal . Dwyane Wade was next with 15 points , four assists and four rebounds . Hassan Whiteside had a near double - double with 17 points , nine boards , an assist , three steals and two blocks . Dwyane Wade supplied 15 points , four assists , four rebounds and a steal . Dion Waiters checked in with 12 points , two assists and a rebound . Justise Winslow was the only other Heat player to reach double digits in the scoring column , as he led the Heat with 5 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and a steal . Hassan Whiteside posted a 17 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two blocks and three steals . Dwyane Wade supplied 15 points , four assists and four rebounds . Hassan Whiteside posted a 17 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included one assist , three steals and two blocks . Dion Waiters totaled 12 points , two assists and a rebound . The Kings return home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon , while the Heat remain home to face off with the Golden State Warriors on Sunday afternoon .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Phoenix Suns , 117 - 83 , at Golden 3 Center on Sunday . The Suns ( 11 - 26 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Suns ( 11 - 47 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . Sacramento exploited the opportunity to its fullest potential , with six players hitting double digits in the scoring column . The Kings also shot 45 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range while also eliciting 17 turnovers from their visitors as well . Devin Booker was the high - point man for the Suns ( 30 - 26 ) , generating 27 points , six assists and eight rebounds . Josh Fox tallied 17 points , six assists , six rebounds and two steals . Deandre Ayton was the only other member of the starting five to hit double digits in the scoring column , collecting 16 points and hauling in nine boards . Buddy Hield led the bench with 18 points , six rebounds , one steal and one block . Deandre Ayton was the only other Phoenix player to score in double digits , tallying 16 points , nine rebounds and a block . Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 10 points , eight rebounds , two assists , three steals and three blocks . The Suns head back home to face the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday evening , while the Suns travel to Denver to take on the Clippers on Wednesday night .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Milwaukee Bucks in overtime , 140 - 114 , at Golden One Center on Wednesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Kings left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Sacramento pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 55 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Kings , as they held the Bucks to 48 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing seven less turnovers . The Bucks ( 47 - 14 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Sacramento , scoring a game - high 26 points to go along with 13 assists and three steals . Khris Middleton was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the only other Milwaukee player in double figures , as he accumulated 17 points , seven rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Bucks is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday . The Kings ( 31 - 30 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Buddy Hield led Milwaukee in scoring , as he amassed 32 points , six rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 29 shooting . Malcolm Brogdon finished second on the team , totaling 25 points , five rebounds and two assists off the bench . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the only other Milwaukee player in double figures , accumulating 17 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Milwaukee will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Sacramento Kings 116 - 109 at Golden 1 Center on Friday . The Clippers ( 35 - 29 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Danilo Gallinari led the way with 19 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 5 - of - 12 shooting in 35 minutes . Buddy Hield drew the start and scored 23 points , to go along with six rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 8 shooting from behind the arc . Buddy Hield led all scorers with 23 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting , while Lou Williams added 17 points on 6 - of - 17 shooting . The Clippers were led by Danilo Gallinari , who scored 19 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , to go along with nine rebounds and three assists . Danilo Gallinari played a season - high 29 minutes , and added 19 points and three assists on 5 - of - 5 shooting across 29 minutes of action . The Kings shot the ball well , hitting 44 percent of their field goals and going 12 - of - 21 from the free throw line . The Kings ( 31 - 31 ) were led by Landry Shamet , who finished with 20 points , four rebounds , two assists and one block on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Danilo Gallinari added 19 points , nine rebounds and three assists , while Harrison Barnes pitched in 15 points and two rebounds . Both teams play on Monday , as the Kings host the New York Knicks , while the Clippers host the New York Knicks .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Kings , 115 - 62 , at Golden 2 Center on Monday . The Kings ( 32 - 31 ) came into Monday 's game with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Alec Burks ( calf ) . However , as usual , the Kings ( 32 - 31 ) were in control for most of the game . The second half was a different story , however , as the Kings ( 32 - 32 ) were able to pull away late in the fourth quarter . The lead was whittled to just one with one minute remaining , but Sacramento answered with a 120 run to take a 69 - 66 lead by halftime . The Kings ' offense was led by Buddy Hield , who scored a game - high 28 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting , and he added seven assists , six rebounds , two steals and one block . Dennis Schroder was the only other Kings player to score in double figures , scoring 18 points , to go along with five assists and three rebounds . Harrison Barnes was the only other member of the first unit to reach double digits in the scoring column , as he scored 17 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting . The Knicks were led by Buddy Hield 's 28 points , and added seven assists , six boards , two steals and one block . Dennis Schroder followed with 18 points , five assists , three rebounds , three steals and two blocks in 28 minutes of action . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Kings host the Kings , while the Kings visit the Kings .
The Boston Celtics took down the visiting Sacramento Kings on Wednesday , 111 - 109 . Boston ( 40 - 26 ) has now won two straight after a hot start to the season . On Wednesday , the team squeezed out a narrow win against the Kings thanks to a strong fourth quarter push . The Celtics trailed by two points heading into the fourth but outscored the Kings 29 - 32 to secure the victory . Sacramento ( 32 - 32 ) entered the All-Star Break on a high note , blowing out the Kings and reaching 13 games above .500 . The Celtics were firing on all cylinders as they took Sacramento down , as the Kings shot 50 percent from the field while holding the Kings to 50 percent shooting . Harrison Barnes was the high - point man for the Kings , as he led the team with 24 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Al Horford , meanwhile , scored 21 points to go along with 11 rebounds , seven assists , a block , and two steals . Willie Cauley-Stein scored 19 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting to go along with seven boards . Up next , the Celtics will head to Los Angeles on Saturday to take on the Knicks , while the Kings will look to avoid dropping their first game in New York on Saturday when they play a one - game losing streak . Sacramento will enjoy a few days of rest before getting back - to - back back on Feb. 9 against the Knicks in Los Angeles .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Chicago Bulls in overtime , 129 - 102 , on Sunday at Golden Golden 1 Center 's Center . The Kings ( 34 - 35 ) came into Sunday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , to make matters worse , Marvin Bagley was able to play a second straight game on Sunday , and in his place , it was Zach LaVine who led the way for the Bulls on Sunday . He put up 18 points , three rebounds , three assists and three steals in just 29 minutes on the floor . LaVine led the Bulls in scoring with 18 points , to go along with three rebounds , three assists , three steals and one block on 7 - of - 18 shooting . Zach Fox was the high - point man for Chicago in the contest , as he finished with 18 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with three assists , three rebounds , three steals and one block . Buddy Hield drew the start and scored 16 points , to go along with three rebounds and four assists . The Kings shot the ball well as a team , hitting 52 percent of their shots from the field and 35 percent of their three - point attempts . The Bulls were led by Marvin Bagley , who finished with 21 points , nine rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Buddy Hield drew the start and scored 16 points , to go along with three rebounds and four assists . Shaquille rotated 19 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting from the field and 0 - of - 4 from behind the arc . The Bulls head back home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Monday , while the Bulls head to Phoenix to face the Suns .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 123 - 121 , in overtime at Golden 0 Center on Tuesday . The Nets ( 34 - 36 ) came into Tuesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , as customary , the Nets ( 37 - 36 ) held the Kings ( 34 - 36 ) to a paltry 52 percent success rate from the field and three - point range , respectively . The second unit was particularly impressive , as they posted respective success rates of 52 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . They also held the Kings to a 36 percent success rate from the field and a 36 percent figure from three - point range while also causing 20 turnovers . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the visitors with a 44 - point , 12 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds and four steals . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was next with 14 points , five rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . Buddy Hield totaled eight points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Spencer Dinwiddie led the second unit with 10 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the home team with 44 points , four assists , four rebounds and four steals . De'Aaron but D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with a 44 - point , 12 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds and four steals . Harrison Barnes was able to provide 17 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Kings , 116 - 50 , at Golden Center on Thursday . In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Kings were able to prevail with a big road win . A 12 - 1 run in the fourth quarter was the decisive stretch for the Kings , as that gave Sacramento their largest lead of the game . It was tight throughout though , as there were 10 ties and seven lead changes , with no team leading by more than 10 points . The key for Sacramento was their defense , as they held Kings to 46 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Kings also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 43 - 33 , and outscoring the Kings in the paint , 56 - 33 . The Kings ( 33 - 33 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he dropped 29 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting off the bench . Marvin Bagley recorded a double - double , totaling 22 points and 12 rebounds . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points , four rebounds , five assists and two blocks on 4 - of - 6 from the field . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double , amassing 10 points and 18 rebounds . Ryan Broekhoff was the only bench player in double figures , as he dropped 13 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting . Dallas will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Kings . Sacramento ( 33 - 36 ) came into this game extremely hot , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Kings team . Justin Cauley-Stein had one of his best games of the season , as he collected 10 points , 3 rebounds and two assists . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points , four rebounds and five assists on 4 - of - 6 from the field . The Kings will look to get out of this slide on Saturday , when they host the Kings to their next fixture .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Phoenix Suns 112 - 103 at Golden 0 Center on Saturday . The Kings ( 36 - 36 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They shot 41 percent from the field and only 9 - of - 34 from long range . Seven players scored in double digits for the Kings , led by Devin Booker , who finished with 32 points on 10 - of - 27 shooting , in 39 minutes . Buddy Hield continued his strong play , as he finished with 25 points , seven rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block , in 35 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Kings was Troy Daniels , who chipped in 16 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting , including 4 - of - 10 from long range . The only other player to score in double figures for Sacramento was Richaun Holmes , who finished with 14 points , on 5 - of - 9 shooting , in 19 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Suns shot only 41 percent from the field , compared to Sacramento 's 41 percent . The Suns ( 17 - 57 ) shot 41 percent from the field and 9 - of - 34 from long range , and struggled from long range in the loss . Harrison Barnes was the high - point man for Phoenix , with 25 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , including hitting 5 - of - 8 from long range . Harrison Barnes followed up with 25 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , along with six rebounds and two assists , in 35 minutes . Four other players scored in double digits for Phoenix , including Troy Daniels , who finished with 16 points , in 24 minutes off the bench . Sacramento will look to bounce back , as they play host to the Jazz on Monday .
The Houston Rockets fended off a strong second half from Sacramento to defeat the host Kings , 130 - 105 , on Tuesday at Golden 1 Center . The Rockets ( 50 - 28 ) came into Tuesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , as a team , the Kings ( 50 - 28 ) were the game 's top team on Tuesday and the Rockets were able to pull out a 130 - point victory on the road . Houston was led by rookie James Harden , who scored a game - high 36 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting from the field and 5 - of - 12 shooting from the charity stripe . He also had three rebounds and 10 assists in 28 minutes of play . Center Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double of 12 points and 11 rebounds in just 20 minutes , while Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , putting up 12 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting and 11 rebounds in 20 minutes . Buddy Hield dropped 19 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in a team - high 26 minutes . As a team , Houston shot just 44 percent from the field and made 26 free throw attempts , compared to the Kings ' 20 . Up next , the Rockets will remain home Thursday to take on the Clippers , while the Kings will head to Cleveland on Wednesday to take on the Cavaliers .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 117 - 104 , at Golden One Center on Thursday . The Cavs came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but narrowly pulled out a win against the Cavaliers . The key for Sacramento was their defense , as they held Cleveland to 54 percent from the field and 44 percent shooting from the free - throw line . The Kings also took care of the interior , outscoring the Cavaliers , 58 - 42 , in the paint . The assist - to - turnover differential was huge as well , with the Kings recording 28 assists to 20 turnovers , while the Cavaliers committed 20 turnovers to just 20 assists . The Cavaliers ( 19 - 60 ) had to play this game without Kevin Love and Kevin Love , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Cavaliers . Jordan Clarkson led Cleveland , as he tallied 22 points , two rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Bogdan Marjanovic recorded a double - double in his return , totaling 17 points , 3 rebounds and four assists . Larry Nance Jr. recorded an 14 - point , 16 - rebound double - double off the bench . On deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Friday . The Kings ( 39 - 40 ) have really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . Bogdan Asik recorded a double - double in the absence of Kevin Durant ( groin ) , as he scored 16 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Larry Nance Jr. was also productive off the bench , providing 11 points , 16 rebounds and three assists . Sacramento will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Utah Jazz .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Sacramento Kings in overtime , 133 - 129 , at Golden 0 Center on Sunday . The Pelicans ( 33 - 48 ) came into Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Pelicans ( 39 - 42 ) , as customary , have now been looking for a playoff spot in the Western Conference . However , they knew they 'd have to be wary of a considerably improved Sacramento squad that had already been eliminated from playoff contention . The recently - signed Elfrid Payton led the way for New Orleans with 26 points , six assists , six rebounds , three blocks and one steal . Elfrid Payton was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit scoring , supplying 26 points , dishing out 14 assists , six rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Elfrid Payton was superb in support of Payton , posting a 26 - point , 14 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Marvin Bagley posted 19 points , 14 boards and three blocks , while Marvin Bagley posted a 19 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . Solomon Hill matched Williams 's point total and added six rebounds and an assist . Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 15 points and a steal . Solomon Hill was productive in a reserve role as well with 13 points , six boards , an assist and a block . Ian Clark paced the bench with a 19 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included three steals and a block . Harrison Barnes led the way for the Kings with a game - high 29 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , one assist and one block . Elfrid Payton tallied 26 points , six assists , six rebounds , three blocks and one steal . Marvin Bagley posted 19 points , 14 boards and one block . Solomon Hill posted 13 points , six rebounds and one assist . Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 15 points and a steal . Solomon Hill led the bench with 13 points , six rebounds , one assist and one block . The Pelicans head back home to face the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday evening , while the Pelicans remain home to tangle with the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night as well .
The New York Knicks defeated the Knicks , 126 - 75 , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . The Knicks ( 1 - 1 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Knicks ( 26 - 33 ) in the middle quarters . New York emerged from the first period with a 23 - point lead and never relinquished the lead after that . The Hawks ' offense was led by Taurean Prince , who tallied 21 points , six rebounds and six assists . Kent Bazemore followed with 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and a block . Noah Vonleh managed a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a steal . Mario Hezonja led the bench with 15 points , three rebounds , an assist and three steals . The Knicks were led by Tim Hardaway , Jr. , who tallied 21 points , along with six assists and six rebounds . Enes Kanter was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Mario Hezonja followed with a bench - leading 15 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , one assist and three steals . Trey Burke was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , four assists and three rebounds . Noah Vonleh tallied 10 points and one rebound . Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the Knicks with 31 points , six rebounds , five assists and two steals . Enes Kanter followed with a bench - leading 16 points that he supplemented with 11 boards , three assists , one steal and one block . Enes Kanter followed with a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , one steal and one block . Noah Vonleh tallied 12 points and one rebound , while Noah Vonleh chipped in with 10 points , two rebounds , two steals and one block . The Knicks head back home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday night , while the Hawks head to Brooklyn to take on the Grizzlies on Friday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics defeated the New York Knicks , 103 - 101 , at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night . The Knicks ( 1 - 2 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Knicks ( 1 - 2 ) in the middle quarters . All five Boston starters managed to score in double figures , and the visitors shot only 40 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The Knicks were led by a pair of 24 - point efforts from Enes Kanter and Marcus Morris , with the former adding three rebounds , three assists and one steal and the latter supplying six rebounds and two assists . Kyrie Irving was close behind with 16 points , five assists , a rebound and two steals . Al Horford turned in a modest stat line of eight points , 10 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 11 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Tim Hardaway , Jr. paced the Knicks with 24 points , three rebounds , three assists and one steal . Kyrie Irving followed with 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Allonzo and Kyrie Irving supplied matching 16 - point efforts , with the former adding five assists , one rebound and two steals , and the latter providing three rebounds and one assist . Trey Burke led the bench with 11 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals . Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the Knicks with 24 points , three rebounds , three assists and one steal . Kyrie Irving tallied 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Allonzo with 16 points , one rebound and two assists off the bench . Trey Burke led the second unit with 11 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Knicks next head to Boston to take on the Bucks on Monday night , while the Celtics remain home to take on the Orlando Magic on Monday evening as well .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host New York Knicks , 128 - 100 , at Madison Square Garden on Friday . In a battle between two struggling teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . It was a near wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a none - digit lead for the majority of this game . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Knicks to 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 13 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Knicks ( 1 - 1 ) continue to blitz opponents with their up - tempo offense , and the Knicks simply could n't keep up with them . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , accruing 24 points , four rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Klay Thompson was second on the team , as he scored 12 points on 6 - of - 18 shooting . Draymond Green was the only other Warrior in double figures , totaling 18 points , four rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday . The Knicks ( 1 - 5 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for New York , as they shot just 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he provided 24 points , two rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting off the bench . Draymond Green was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 18 points , four rebounds , six assists and three steals . Frank Ntilikina was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 17 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting . On deck for the Knicks is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday .
The New York Knicks defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 115 - 96 , at Madison Square Garden on Monday . The Knicks ( 2 - 5 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Nets ( 2 - 5 ) in the middle quarters . New York emerged from the first period with a 26 - 26 lead and never relinquished the lead after that . The Nets jumped out to a 26 - 26 lead after one quarter but the Knicks battled back , outscoring the Nets by a 59 - 40 margin over the second and third periods . The visitors were led by Spencer Dinwiddie , who supplied 17 points , three assists , one rebound and two blocks . Frank Ntilikina totaled 16 points , five rebounds , four assists and one block in 31 minutes off the bench . D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with a 13 - point , 2 - assist effort that also included three rebounds . Enes Kanter led the bench with 15 points , seven rebounds , two blocks and one steal . Shabazz Napier was also productive in a reserve role , tallying 12 points , three assists , a steal and a steal . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson led the bench with a 16 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included two blocks and a steal . Frank Ntilikina led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , four assists and a block . D'Angelo Russell led the bench with 13 points , three rebounds and two assists . The Knicks head back home to face off with the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night , while the Nets remain home to face off with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the New York Knicks , 107 - 101 , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Pacers , as they led by double - digits for the final 57 minutes . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Knicks to 43 percent from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Indiana winning that battle , 41 - 35 . The Pacers also dominated the rebounding differential , winning that battle , 41 - 18 . The Knicks ( 2 - 6 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Victor Oladipo was the star , as he scored a team - high 24 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Thaddeus Young recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 10 rebounds , five steals and three blocks . Victor Oladipo led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 24 points , six rebounds and two steals . Noah Vonleh came off the bench to provide 14 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday . The Pacers ( 5 - 3 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Domantas Sabonis was a bright spot for New York , as he led the team with 30 points on 10 - of - 12 shooting . Noah Vonleh finished with 14 points , 10 rebounds , four steals and three blocks . Noah Vonleh recorded a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 41 points , on 13 - of - 25 shooting , including 4 - of - 10 from long range , along with four assists , four rebounds , three steals and two blocks , in 49 minutes . Jabari Parker was the next highest scorer for the Bulls , with 15 points , to go along with eight rebounds , two assists and one block , in 42 minutes . Wendell five players scored in double figures for the Knicks , led by Allonzo Antonio , who finished with a game - high 41 points on 13 - of - 25 shooting , in 49 minutes . Enes Kanter followed up with 21 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , and three rebounds , in 40 minutes . Wendell five players scored in double digits for the Knicks , led by Zach Kanter , who finished with 23 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , including 2 - of - 4 from long range , along with three rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block , in 22 minutes off the bench . The Bulls will have a couple days off before they host the Hawks on Wednesday . Meanwhile , Zach LaVine was the high - point man for the Bulls , as he poured in 41 points on 13 - of - 25 shooing , in his first game back from the floor . Jabari Parker added 15 points , eight rebounds and two assists , while Emmanuel Mudiay chipped in 16 points , six rebounds and two assists .
The Orlando Magic defeated the New York Knicks , 115 - 89 , in overtime at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . Despite the Knicks leading for the majority of the first half , they held the Knicks to just 38 points in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for the Magic , as they held the Knicks to 35 percent from the field and 18 percent from three - point range . Orlando also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 52 - 54 . The Knicks ( 6 - 7 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Terrence Ross led the way for New York , as he tallied 22 points , two rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 12 shooting off the bench . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 21 points and 15 rebounds . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and 15 rebounds . Evan Fournier was the only Knicks starter to play well , as he amassed 12 points , two rebounds and four assists . The Knicks will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday for their next game . New York ( 6 - 7 ) got some great performances from their stud players , but it simply was n't enough with a lack of production from their `` others `` . Kevin Knox led the team in scoring , as he dropped 17 points on 4 - of - 11 shooting off the bench . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , as he accrued 21 points and two rebounds off the bench . Mario Hezonja led the bench with 12 points , while Trey Burke led the bench with 12 points . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The host Portland Trail Blazers defeated the visiting New York Knicks on Tuesday , 118 - 114 . Portland ( 12 - 5 ) has been devastated by injuries midway through the season . Stars Ron Lin ( hamstring ) and Derrick Rose ( knee ) sat out the contest , while Portland sits at the bottom of the NBA standings . For the second straight game , All-Star forward Tim Hardaway Jr. was the only starter to score in double digits for the team . The team shot over 56 percent from the field and knocked down almost 71 percent of its free - throws on the night . New York ( 4 - 14 ) , meanwhile , has now won four of its last five after a horrendous start to the season that had seated them at last in the Western Conference . On Tuesday , the team saw the return of star point guard Damian Lillard ( ankle ) on Thursday to lead the team . McCollum stuffed the stat sheet with 29 points , four rebounds , and two assists . Point guard Emmanuel Mudiay also contributed a solid 16 points and four three - pointers , but shot a respectable 6 - of - 9 from the field and 2 - of - 4 from behind the arc . As a team , the Knicks shot a respectable 51 percent from the field and drained 13 three - pointers . The Knicks ( 4 - 14 ) , meanwhile , saw abysmal play from their own backcourt . Shooting guard C.J McCollum led the team with 31 points on 13 - of - 23 shooting , including five three - pointers .
The New York Knicks defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans , 114 - 109 , at Madison Square Garden on Friday . While there were only five ties and five lead changes in total , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 7 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Knicks going 12 - of - 33 and the Pelicans hitting just 7 - of - 28 from long distance . New York actually dominated the rebounding , as they lost that battle , 55 - 55 . New Orleans ( 10 - 9 ) got some great performances from their stud players , but it simply was n't enough with a lack of production from their `` others `` . Emmanuel Mudiay led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , six rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican to reach double figures in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds , three assists and three steals off the bench . The Knicks will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Washington Wizards . New York ( 6 - 9 ) has struggled mightily recently , but losses like this against elite teams have to be encouraging despite the result . Anthony Davis did all he could , as he led the team with 33 points , 11 rebounds and four assists on 12 - of - 19 from the field . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Julius Randle was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 13 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . New York will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Memphis Grizzlies .
The New York Knicks defeated the Milwaukee Bucks 136 - 134 , at Madison Square Garden on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Knicks dominated this game in this game , as they led by 43 points at the half and held the Bucks to just 78 points in that 33 - minute stretch . Defense was key for the Knicks , as they held the Bucks to 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . The Knicks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing six less turnovers . The Bucks ( 15 - 7 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bucks is just what they need to get going . Eric Bledsoe led the way for Milwaukee , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Kevin Knox was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 26 points , four rebounds and four assists . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 22 points , six rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Knicks is a road matchup against the Washington Wizards . New York ( 8 - 7 ) has now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . Emmanuel Mudiay led the team in scoring , as he accrued 28 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Kevin Knox was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 26 points , four rebounds and four assists . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 22 points , six rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Knicks is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Monday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the New York Knicks , 110 - 107 , at Madison Square Garden on Monday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Wizards dominated from start to finish , as they led for over 42 minutes of this game and led by at least six points for the entirety of the second half . The second quarter is where they spread it out , outscoring the Knicks , 26 - 29 . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Washington wining that battle , 52 - 25 . They also dominated the points off turnover differential , winning that , 31 - 16 . The Wizards ( 10 - 14 ) had to play this game without Ron Baker and that was simply too much to overcome against an elite team like the Wizards . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he accrued 20 points , two rebounds and two assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 21 points , five rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 13 points and 16 rebounds . Washington will return to action on Wednesday in a road matchup with the Boston Celtics . The Wizards ( 10 - 14 ) have been in a terrible slide recently and a win over the team like the Knicks is just what they need to get going . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 21 points , five rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 13 points and 16 rebounds . Washington will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Boston Celtics .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the New York Knicks , 112 - 104 , at Madison Square Garden on Saturday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Nets , as they led by double - digits for the final 44 minutes . Defense was key for the Nets , as they held the Knicks to 47 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Nets also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 45 - 40 . Enes Kanter led the way for New York , as he tallied 23 points , 14 rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 13 shooting . Jarrett Allen finished second on the team , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds , while Jarrett Allen recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks . Brooklyn will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Charlotte Hornets . The Nets ( 10 - 18 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Spencer Dinwiddie led the way , as he collected 25 points , three rebounds and six assists . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Emmanuel Mudiay was the only other Knick in double figures , collecting 13 points , a rebound and four assists . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the New York Knicks , 119 - 107 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Hornets going 12 - of - 34 from long distance , while the Knicks went just 13 - of - 26 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Hornets recording 25 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Knicks committed 17 turnovers to 28 assists . Fastbreak points was a huge factor as well , with the Hornets winning that battle , 17 - 12 . New York ( 8 - 20 ) got some great performances from their stud players , but it simply was n't enough with a lack of production from their `` others `` . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and six assists on 8 - of - 20 shooting . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he provided 21 points , two rebounds and five assists off the bench . Jeremy Parker led the starters in scoring , as he accrued 16 points and two assists . Charlotte will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Detroit Pistons . The Knicks ( 8 - 20 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds , six assists and four steals . Jeremy Lamb was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points and five rebounds off the bench . Tony Parker scored 16 points to go along with two assists , while Frank Ntilikina led the bench with 18 points . On deck for Charlotte is a home matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the New York Knicks , 128 - 110 , at Madison Square Garden on Monday . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Suns going 9 - of - 27 from long range , while the Knicks hit just 9 - of - 35 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Suns recording five more assists than the Knicks , while committing three less turnovers . The Suns ( 7 - 24 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Emmanuel Mudiay continued his good form though , accumulating 32 points , six rebounds and six assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 21 points and 13 rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 13 points and 10 rebounds . The Knicks ( 9 - 23 ) have struggled on the road all season and a date with the Suns is the last thing they wanted to see . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , dropping 38 points and seven rebounds on 11 - of - 23 from the field . T.J. Warren was second on the team , as he accrued 26 points , five rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 10 rebounds . The Knicks will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday for their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New York Knicks 114 - 107 Friday at Madison Square Garden . Things looked to be going smoothly for the Hawks ( 8 - 23 ) , as they managed to hold a comfortable lead throughout the first three quarters of Friday 's contest . However , a short Knicks ' spurt in the final period ultimately tied the game at 97 . In the end , Atlanta dominated the final two quarters , outscoring the Knicks ( 9 - 25 ) 27 - 20 in the third quarter . Kent Bazemore led the way for the Hawks , putting up a team - high 22 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 6 shooting from behind the arc . As a team , the Hawks managed to shoot a scorching 47 percent from the field and 34 percent from three , but it was n't enough to overcome their poor shooting , as the Knicks shot just 30 percent from three - point range ( 10 - of - 27 ) from the field . Kevin Knox was the only other New York player to score in double figures , finishing with 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in 32 minutes . The win pushes Atlanta to just a half game behind the Pistons for third place in the Eastern Conference standings , owning tiebreakers over both Indiana and Charlotte with just 12 games left on the schedule . The Knicks were led by rookie Emmanuel Mudiay , who scored a game - high 32 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting from the field , including three three - pointers , one assist , one rebound , and one three - pointer in 34 minutes . The only other Cavalier to score double - digit points was Paul Mudiay , who scored a game - high 32 points in 30 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Hawks will stay home Tuesday and take on the Pistons , while the Knicks will head home Sunday to play the Bucks .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the New York Knicks , 109 - 95 , at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday . The Knicks ( 9 - 26 ) checked in to Tuesday 's contest with only six road victories in 32 games away from Staples Center this season . However , a sterling effort from the Milwaukee bench that helped them limit Milwaukee to a road victory . The Bucks ( 9 - 26 ) held the Knicks ( 9 - 26 ) to 36 percent shooting overall and a paltry 28 percent from three - point range . New York was led by Kevin Knox 's 21 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds and three assists . Brook Lopez was next with 20 points , four rebounds and two blocks . Tim Hardaway , Jr. followed with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Thon Maker supplied 12 points , three boards and two blocks . Emmanuel Mudiay turned in 11 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Enes Kanter was productive as a reserve as well with 14 points , six rebounds , one assist and one steal . Antetokounmpo paced the Bucks with a 30 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , four steals and two blocks . Brook Lopez was next with 20 points and 14 rebounds . Malcolm Brogdon posted a 14 - point , 3 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds and a steal . Emmanuel Mudiay rounded out the starting five 's productive night with 11 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . The Bucks head back home to face off with the New York Knicks on Thursday evening , while the Knicks head to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Thursday night .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the New York Knicks , 121 - 106 , at Madison Square Garden on Friday . The Pacers ( 28 - 14 ) came in to Friday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Pacers ( 28 - 14 ) built a 62 - 52 lead by halftime . The second half was much tighter , but Indiana eventually pulled away on the strength of a highly productive night for their starting five . All first unit members hit double digits in the scoring column , and the Pacers shot an excellent 52 percent from the field overall and a 46 percent tally from three - point range . The Knicks were led by a pair of 22 - point efforts from Victor Oladipo and Domantas Mudiay , with the former adding six rebounds , six assists and a steal , and the latter supplying six rebounds and three assists . Bojan Bogdanovic was next with 15 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Noah Vonleh tallied 12 points , three rebounds , two steals and a block . Darren Collison was productive in a reserve role as well with seven points , 10 assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Domantas O'Quinn paced the bench with a 14 - point , 2 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and four steals . The Pacers head back home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday , while the Knicks head to New York to take on the 76ers on Sunday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New York Knicks , 108 - 105 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday afternoon . The Sixers ( 28 - 33 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone Jimmy Butler and losses in three of their last four games . The Sixers ( 28 - 16 ) were in urgent need of a win to keep their fading playoff hopes alive , but it was once again a lack of offensive proficiency . The Sixers ( 10 - 33 ) held the Knicks ( 10 - 33 ) to 43 percent shooting , including a 32 percent tally from three - point range . Kevin Knox led the way for the visitors with 31 points , seven rebounds and two steals . Jimmy Butler was right behind him with 16 points , two assists and a block . Jimmy Butler followed with 16 points , eight boards and two assists . Emmanuel Mudiay followed with 19 points , four assists , four rebounds and one steal . Frank Ntilikina was productive in a reserve role as well with eight points , two rebounds , six assists and two steals . Frank Ntilikina was productive as a reserve as well with eight points , two assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . Kevin Knox led the way for New York with 31 points , seven rebounds , two steals and one block . Ben Simmons was next with a bench - leading 20 points , along with eight rebounds and nine assists . Emmanuel Mudiay followed with 19 points , four assists , four rebounds and one steal . Emmanuel Mudiay turned in 19 points , four assists , four rebounds and one steal . Frank Ntilikina was productive in a reserve role as well with eight points , two assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . Frank Ntilikina was productive in a reserve role as well with eight points , two assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . The Knicks head back home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Tuesday evening , while the Sixers remain home to face off with the Washington Wizards on Thursday evening .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 28 - 18 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 35 ) 127 - 109 on Monday at Madison Square Garden in New York . The Thunder shot much better than the Knicks , going 54 percent from the field and 52 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went 45 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Thunder also forced the Knicks into 12 turnovers , while committing just 18 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Thunder were led by Paul George , who went 9 - for - 18 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 31 points . He also had four rebounds and four assists , doing a little bit of everything for the Thunder in this one . He 's now averaging 18 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Westbrook , on the other hand , finished with 17 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 10 rebounds and nine assists in 28 minutes . He 's had a nice stretch of three games where he 's averaging 17 points and 6 rebounds . Notching a double - double , Steven Adams finished with 10 points ( 5 - 8 FG ) and seven rebounds in just 29 minutes . The Thunder 's next game will be on the road against the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the New York Knicks , 114 - 110 , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . The Rockets ( 27 - 36 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak and heading into the fourth quarter , they looked like they were well on their way to that goal . New York led the Rockets ( 27 - 20 ) by a comfortable 87 - 73 margin , but a surging Houston squad was n't done by a margin of 28 - 31 at home . However , the Rockets ( 27 - 20 ) came storming back in the second half , but outscored the Knicks by a 59 - 53 margin over the final 26 minutes . New York was led by a pair of 31 - point efforts from Eric Gordon and Tim Hardaway , Jr. , with the former also adding four rebounds and one steal and the latter registering two assists and four rebounds . Kenneth Faried followed with 11 points , eight boards , one assist , three steals and three blocks . Emmanuel Mudiay provided 14 points , four assists , four rebounds and a steal . Kenneth Faried went for 11 points , eight boards , an assist , three steals and three blocks . Eric Gordon matched Vonleh 's point total and added four rebounds , two steals and two blocks in 25 minutes off the bench . Eric Gordon 's 20 points led the Rockets , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , two steals and one block . Tim Hardaway , Jr. followed with a bench - leading 21 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds and one assist . Kenneth Faried produced a 11 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , three blocks and three steals . Noah Vonleh tallied 12 points , eight boards , two blocks and one steal . Noah Ennis chipped in eight points and six rebounds , one steal and two blocks . The Knicks head back home to face the Brooklyn Raptors on Friday night , while the Knicks head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Friday evening .
The Miami Heat defeated the New York Knicks , 106 - 97 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . The Heat ( 24 - 24 ) came in to Sunday 's contest with a dubious road record , as they 'd managed to only secure three wins in 15 tries away from home . However , a standout effort from Sunday put the Heat ( 24 - 24 ) slow on both ends of the floor . Dwyane Wade led the way for the Heat ( 24 - 24 ) to the tune of a season - high 25 points , and Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the way for the Knicks . Hardaway managed 22 points , five assists , five rebounds and two steals . Hassan Whiteside posted a 13 - point , 17 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , three blocks and a steal . Mario Hezonja led the bench with 12 points , while Kelly Olynyk was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points . Wayne Ellington paced the second unit with 16 points . Tim Hardaway , Jr. 's 22 points paced New York , and Hassan Whiteside was next with a double - double of his own with 13 points , 17 rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Josh Richardson was next with 12 points , three rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . James Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , three assists , two rebounds and two steals . Tim Hardaway , Jr. paced the Knicks with 22 points , including a three - pointer with 17 seconds left to seal the win .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 23 - 27 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 40 ) 114 - 90 on Wednesday at Madison Square Garden in New York . The Mavericks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Knicks 24 - 20 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Mavericks also shot very well , going 54 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went 41 percent from the floor and a meager 23 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks were also able to force the Knicks into 28 turnovers , while committing only 18 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Mavericks were led by Harrison Barnes , who went 7 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 19 points , while also adding four rebounds and a pair of assists . It was his second impressive performance in a row , as he 's combined for 45 points and 31 rebounds over his last two games . Matthews on the other hand shot 6 - for - 11 from the field and 5 - for - 9 from beyond the arc to score 17 points . It was a season - high in points for him , as he 's only averaging 10 points per game so far this season . Luka Dennis Schroder was also a huge factor in the win , finishing with 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) , 10 rebounds and a steal . He 's had a nice stretch of three games where he 's averaging 17 points , while shooting 54 percent from the field . Dirk Nowitzki shot 5 - for - 7 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 14 points . It was his second straight game with 14 points . The only other Knick to reach triple figures in points was Allonzo Allonzo . The Mavericks ' next game will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the New York Knicks , 113 - 99 , at Madison Square Garden on Friday . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 15 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for Boston , as they held New York to 45 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Celtics also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than the Knicks , while committing six less turnovers . The Celtics ( 33 - 19 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points and six assists on 9 - of - 20 shooting . Kevin Knox was the only other Knick in double figures , as he totaled 21 points and five rebounds on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Al Horford was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Boston will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies . Boston ( 33 - 19 ) are trying to keep their playoff hopes alive and road wins like this are crucial for that pursuit . Marcus Morris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Al Horford finished second on the team with 14 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Al Horford scored just 14 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , but totaled nine rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Knicks is a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the New York Knicks , 96 - 84 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . The battle of Southeastern Division rivals lived up to its billing , with the Grizzlies ( 21 - 33 ) holding the hosts ( 10 - 33 ) to 38 percent shooting overall , including a 35 percent mark from the field . New York was led by Mike Conley , who tallied 25 points , seven assists , eight rebounds , three steals and one block . Marc Gasol followed with 24 points , nine boards , five assists and one steal . Mario Hezonja followed with a bench - leading 14 points , which he supplemented with eight boards and one assist . Luke Kornet provided a modest stat line of 11 points , four rebounds , an assist and three blocks . DeAndre Jordan generated a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , one steal and one block . Justin Holiday led the second unit with 19 points , five rebounds and two assists . Kevin Knox led the way for the home team with 17 points , two rebounds and one steal . Mario Hezonja led the bench with 14 points , eight rebounds , one assist and one steal . Marc Gasol was next with 24 points , nine rebounds , five assists and one steal . Justin Holiday was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 19 points , two assists and five rebounds . The Knicks head back home to tangle with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday evening , while the Knicks remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday evening .
The Detroit Pistons ( 24 - 29 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 43 ) 105 - 92 on Tuesday at Madison Square Garden in New York . The Pistons got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Knicks 36 - 28 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pistons shot the ball well , going 47 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went just 40 percent from the floor and a meager 27 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Knicks into 15 turnovers , while committing only 9 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Blake Griffin , who went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding six rebounds and eight assists . It marked his third straight game surpassing the 19 - point mark , a stretch where he 's averaging 27 points per game . The only other Knick to reach double figures in points was Kevin Knox , who finished with 11 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and seven rebounds . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the New York Knicks on Friday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the New York Knicks , 104 - 99 , at Madison Square Garden on Saturday . The Raptors ( 10 - 16 ) checked in to Saturday as one of the hottest teams in the league , having won seven of their last nine contests . However , the light has seemingly come on for Toronto , and the Knicks ( 10 - 45 ) looked like viable candidates to facilitate an extension of that streak . Toronto wasted no time in establishing the tone , jumping out to a 25 - 23 lead after one quarter . However , the Knicks ( 41 - 45 ) regrouped at halftime and came out firing in the third , outscoring their hosts by a 28 - 28 margin in the final 14 minutes . However , the Raptors made a concerted effort to clamp down in the second half , a strategy that was largely effective as evidenced by the 38 and 40 percent tallies from the field and three - point range , respectively . Kevin Lowry and Kyle Lowry led the way for the Raptors with matching 22 - point efforts , with the former adding 4 rebounds , four assists and two steals , and the latter hauling in four boards , dishing out two assists and recording two steals . Serge Ibaka had a near double - double with 15 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and one block . Kawhi Leonard was just short of a double - double with 11 points , five boards , six assists and one steal . Norman Powell was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , three rebounds and three assists . Kyle Lowry paced the Raptors with 22 points , four rebounds , five assists , two blocks and two steals . Serge Ibaka was next with 15 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and one steal . DeAndre Jordan posted a 10 - point , 18 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one block . Norman Powell led the second unit with 14 points , one rebound and three assists , while Dennis Schroder filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , six assists , four rebounds and three steals . The Raptors head back home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Monday night , while the Knicks head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Monday evening as well .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the host Knicks , 126 - 67 , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the worst offenses in the NBA , the two teams left it all on the floor in this overtime thriller . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Sixers recording 33 assists to 15 turnovers , while New York committed 12 turnovers to match their 23 assists . Three-point shooting was a big factor as well , with Philly hitting 8 - of - 23 , while the Knicks went just 1 - of - 13 from long range . The 76ers ( 10 - 47 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Joel Embiid was the player of the game , as he tallied 26 points , 14 rebounds and three assists . Tobias Harris was second on the team , finishing with 25 points , six rebounds and three assists . Jimmy Butler provided 13 points , seven rebounds , eight assists , three steals and two blocks . On deck for the Sixers is a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Thursday . The Knicks ( 10 - 47 ) had won seven - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Joel Embiid did all he could for New York , as he led the team with 26 points , 14 rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Jimmy Butler accrued 13 points , seven rebounds , eight assists , three steals and two blocks . Damyean on deck for New York is a road matchup against the Miami Heat on Thursday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the New York Knicks , 115 - 104 , in overtime at Madison Square Garden on Friday . The Knicks ( 28 - 30 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone Jeff Teague and small small forward Anthony Friday to date with the Knicks . Derrick Rose led the way for the Timberwolves with 20 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , three assists and three steals . The Knicks ( 11 - 48 ) were led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from the backcourt duo of Derrick Rose and Andrew Wiggins . The former added six rebounds , an assist and three steals , while the latter provided three rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . Emmanuel Mudiay provided 15 points , six boards , an assist , three steals and a block . Dario Saric paced the second unit with 13 points , seven rebounds and a steal . Anthony Tolliver was productive in a reserve role as well with 16 points , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Kevin Knox was next with 18 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Anthony Tolliver posted a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two steals and a block . Dario Saric filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , seven rebounds , two steals and a steal . Dario Saric paced the second unit with 20 points , three rebounds , three assists and a block . Jeff Teague was modestly involved on offense over 35 minutes , supplying 15 points , 11 assists , a rebound and a block over 31 minutes . Jeff Mudiay was next in line with 15 points , six rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . Dario Saric paced the second unit with 13 points , seven rebounds and a steal . The Timberwolves head back home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday night , while the Knicks head to the Big Apple to tangle with the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday afternoon .
The New York Knicks defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 130 - 118 , in overtime at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Knicks , as they led by double - digits for the final 86 minutes . The second quarter is where the Knicks separated themselves , as they outscored the Spurs , 32 - 27 . Defense was key for New York , as they held the Spurs to 45 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The Spurs also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 14 more assists and committing six less turnovers . The Spurs ( 33 - 28 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . DeMar DeRozan carried the load , as he tallied 32 points , nine rebounds and four assists . After shooting 12 - of - 22 from the field and 19 - of - 32 from the field , Emmanuel Mudiay went 8 - of - 10 from the field to score 19 points , but still provided 0 - of - 5 from three - point range . Bryn Smith was the only other Knick in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and six rebounds . Lance Thomas and Jakob Poeltl both scored in double figures off the bench . On deck for the Knicks is a road matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday . The Knicks ( 12 - 48 ) have now lost eight of their last 12 games , as they continue to regress . DeMar DeRozan had another spectacular outing though , leading the team with 32 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Dennis Schroder was n't far behind , collecting 19 points , six rebounds and 13 assists . Kevin Knox came off the bench to provide 19 points , three rebounds and two assists . The Knicks will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Orlando Magic .
The New York Knicks defeated the host Orlando Magic , 108 - 103 , at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for New York , as Orlando never led by more than two points and held the lead for the final 38 minutes . Three-point shooting really let the Magic down , as they went 11 - of - 32 from long distance , while Orlando went 11 - of - 32 . The Knicks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Orlando , despite committing eight less turnovers . The Magic ( 28 - 34 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Emmanuel Mudiay continued his good form though , accumulating 19 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Nikola Vucevic finished second on the team with 26 points and 11 rebounds on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Evan Fournier finished second on the team with 15 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Henry Ellenson got a rare start and accrued 13 points , nine rebounds and five assists in the win . On deck for the Knicks is a road matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday . The Magic ( 28 - 34 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Aaron Gordon led the way for Orlando , as he tallied 26 points , seven rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Nikola Vucevic finished second on the team , totaling 26 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and three blocks . Evan Fournier accrued 15 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Henry Ellenson got a rare start and totaled 13 points , nine rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Magic is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the visiting Cavaliers Cavaliers 125 - 100 , at Madison Square Garden on Thursday evening . The Cavaliers came into this game as a heavy favorite , but it took a late run to pull out the close win . In fact , the Cavaliers held a double - digit lead for the final 34 minutes of this game , with the 31 - point lead . Turnovers were the glaring difference in the game , as the Cavaliers committed just four turnovers , while forcing 10 from the Cavaliers . The Cavs also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 46 - 31 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 28 . The Cavaliers ( 31 - 31 ) have now none wins over their last eight games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Kevin Love led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Noah went 6 - of - 7 from the field , but finished second on the team with 16 points and 10 rebounds . Dennis Schroder was the only other starter with more than four points , as he tallied 16 points , two rebounds and eight assists . Jordan Clarkson was the only other Cavalier with more than 10 points , as he provided 22 points and two steals off the bench . Cleveland will be in action again on Saturday , as they play the Detroit Clippers on the road . Cleveland ( 15 - 47 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a hungry Cleveland team . Kevin Love led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Noah went 6 - for - 7 from the field , but still accumulated 16 points , 10 rebounds and three assists in just 22 minutes of play . Collin Noah Mudiay was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points and 10 rebounds on 7 - of - 7 shooting . The Cavaliers will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Detroit Pistons .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the New York Knicks , 102 - 94 , at Madison Square Garden on Saturday . The Knicks ( 13 - 53 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone DeAndre Jordan , who 's only one player averaging double - digit scoring . That proved to be the case again as the Kings ( 33 - 32 ) were able to secure the win for the most part of the game . The Knicks ( 13 - 53 ) held the Knicks ( 13 - 53 ) to 37 percent shooting overall , including a 33 percent figure from three - point range . New York was led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from DeAndre Jordan and DeAndre Jordan , with the former adding 15 rebounds , one assist and one block , and the latter supplying eight assists , five boards and one steal . Buddy Hield continued his strong play with 19 points , four rebounds , two assists and one block . Nemanja Bjelica posted a 13 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two blocks and two steals . Lance Thomas was productive in a reserve role as well , managing 10 points and seven rebounds . The Knicks were led by Dennis Schroder 's 18 points , five assists and five rebounds . Buddy Hield totaled 19 points , four rebounds , two assists and a block . Nemanja Bjelica posted a double - double off the bench , supplying 13 points , 10 boards , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Harrison Barnes was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , eight boards and a steal . Emmanuel Mudiay rounded out a strong night for the starting five with nine points , three assists and four rebounds . The Knicks head back home to face off with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday evening , while the Knicks remain home to tangle with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday afternoon .
The New York Knicks ( 14 - 56 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 31 - 39 ) at Madison Square Garden on Sunday , 124 - 123 . The Knicks led for the vast majority of the game and stretched their lead to as much as 27 early in the second half . The Lakers started the second half with a 31 - 22 third quarter and never looked back . All five starters scored in double digits for the Knicks , led by Emmanuel Mudiay with 28 points and a pair of assists on 8 - of - 11 shooting , including 3 - of - 2 from behind the arc . Kyle Kuzma led all scorers with 18 points , to go along with two rebounds , eight assists and one steal . Kevin Kuzma added 18 points and eight assists , while Mario Hezonja added 17 points off the bench . The Knicks shot a sharp 58 percent from the floor and knocked down 12 three - pointers as a team . The Lakers were led by 28 points and eight assists from LeBron James , who shot 11 - of - 26 from the field . Kyle Kuzma added 18 points and five rebounds , while Alex Caruso chipped in 12 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Both teams shot very well , as the Knicks shot 48 percent from the floor and just 7 - 27 ( 26 percent ) from deep . The Knicks continue their road trip Tuesday against the Bucks . The Lakers hit the road for a Monday matchup against Toronto .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Knicks , 137 - 1 , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Jazz were able to prevail with a big road win . The Jazz offense was very efficient , as they shot 56 percent from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . The Jazz also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 40 - 37 . The Knicks ( 37 - 37 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . Kevin Knox led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Mario Ingles was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Ricky Rubio accumulated 12 points , three rebounds and nine assists in just 20 minutes of action . The Knicks will host the Denver Nuggets for their next game on Thursday . The Knicks ( 14 - 37 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kevin Knox was the player of the game , as he amassed 27 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Rudy Gobert finished second on the team , totaling 18 points and nine rebounds . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points and seven assists . The Jazz will be off until Friday , when they play the Denver Nuggets on the road .
The Denver Nuggets ( 49 - 22 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 14 - 59 ) 111 - 93 on Friday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their defense , as they held the Knicks to 38 percent shooting from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as the Nuggets recorded 62 rebounds to the Knicks 20 . Denver had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . The defense was key for Denver , as they held New York to just 38 percent shooting and 10 percent from the three - point range . Nikola Jokic was a bright spot for the Nuggets , as he tallied 21 points and 17 rebounds in the defeat . The Knicks will look to get out of this rut on Sunday in a much better matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers . The Nuggets played this game without Isaiah Thomas and they did n't miss a beat . Nikola Jokic led the team with 21 points and 17 rebounds , while going 8 - for - 20 from the field . Jamal Murray tallied 18 points , five rebounds , five assists and two blocks as well . The Nuggets will look to build off this win in a tough matchup , when they host the Indiana Pacers on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 44 - 30 ) defeated the Knicks ( 20 - 55 ) 124 - 100 on Sunday at Madison Square Garden in New York . The Clippers got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Knicks 29 - 50 right away in the first quarter . They were the superior shooters as well , going 44 percent from the field , while the 55 percent from the three - point line . The Clippers also out - rebounded the Knicks 42 - 20 , even furthering their advantage in this one . Leading the way for the Clippers was Lou Williams , who came off the bench for a game - high of 29 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , to go along with seven assists and two steals . It was a season - high in points for Williams , as he 's only averaging 11 points per game on the year . Also playing a big factor in the win was DeAndre Jordan , who finished with 20 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) , 13 rebounds , two assists and two blocked shots . It marked his third double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 29 points and 10 rebounds . The only other Knick to reach double figures in points was Montrezl Harrell , who came off the bench for 24 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) and four rebounds . The Clippers ' next game will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 53 - 23 ) defeated the visiting New York Knicks ( 14 - 61 ) 117 - 92 , Thursday evening at Madison Square Garden . Coming off an embarrassing loss to Brooklyn and despite missing Kyrie Irving ( rest ) , the Raptors came into this game focused and ready to play . Toronto led the whole way but finished with a strong all - around performance in terms of scoring . Toronto shot a whopping 45 percent from the field and 43 percent from long range , as they cruised to the win . Kyle Lowry led the way with a solid performance , finishing with 31 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , five rebounds , five assists , one steal and one blocked shot , in 25 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Raptors , led by Danny Green , who finished with 15 points , four rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 20 minutes , while Fred VanVleet chipped in 12 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt ) , three rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks , in 32 minutes off the bench . The Raptors shot 45 percent from the field and allowed the Raptors to shoot 36 percent from long range . The Raptors will be right back in action as they host the Bulls on Saturday . The Raptors have a couple days off before they play host to the Bulls on Saturday .
The Miami Heat ( 38 - 38 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 14 - 62 ) 100 - 92 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Heat put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Knicks held the Knicks to 40 percent shooting and forced them to commit 18 turnovers . The Heat ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while holding the Knicks to 40 percent . Miami also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 51 rebounds to the Knicks 42 . The three - point shooting was a huge difference as well , with Miami going 9 - for - 32 while the Knicks went 9 - for - 38 . Miami came into this game as huge underdogs in the second half of a back - to - back and it was clear they did n't have their legs underneath them . The Knicks shot 40 percent from the field and 24 percent from three - point range . Hassan Whiteside and Goran Dragic tied the team - lead with 25 points in the fourth quarter . All five starters scored in double - figures , but it simply was n't enough against a potent offense like the Heat . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going against the Boston Celtics on Monday . The Knicks have been a bit of a disappointment this season and losses like this only add to the skepticism . Emmanuel Mudiay had to step up in this game though , as he scored just five points in the final quarter . Hassan Whiteside had a nice game though , as he tallied 17 points and 13 rebounds in the defeat . The Knicks will look to get out of this rut on Monday against the Chicago Bulls .
The New York Knicks defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 113 - 105 , at Madison Square Garden on Monday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for New York , as Chicago led by at least 24 points for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Knicks hitting 50 percent of their shots and the Bulls shooting just 43 percent from the field . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with New York going 18 - of - 38 , while Chicago went 4 - of - 17 . The Bulls also took advantage of the whistle , taking 21 more free - throw attempts than the Bulls . Chicago ( 21 - 57 ) had to play this game without DeAndre Jordan ( eye ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Knicks team . Kevin Knox was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 15 from the field . Kevin Knox was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Emmanuel Mudiay was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Bulls will host the Washington Wizards for their next game on Wednesday . The Bulls ( 21 - 57 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Robin Lopez led the team in scoring , as he dropped 29 points and seven rebounds on 12 - of - 18 from the field . Kevin Knox was the only other Knick in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting . All five starters scored in double figures for the Knicks , as they destroyed the Chicago starting unit , 81 - 57 .
The New York Knicks defeated the Washington Wizards , 113 - 110 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday afternoon . The Wizards ( 32 - 49 ) came into Sunday 's contest with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Wizards ( 32 - 49 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . A balanced offensive effort was key on Sunday , as New York posted a whopping 51 percent success rate from the floor and 50 percent figure from three - point range . The Wizards were led by Jeff Green 's 19 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Thomas followed with a bench - leading 30 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , five assists and two steals . Kevin Knox and Bradley Beal followed with matching 16 - point efforts , with the former adding seven assists , seven rebounds , a steal and a block , and the latter providing seven rebounds , one assist and four steals . Troy Brown drew the start for Jabari Parker ( knee ) and tallied 13 points , eight rebounds , five assists and one steal . Dennis Schroder was next with 15 points , five assists , two rebounds and one steal . Chasson Randle generated 11 points , five assists , one rebound and two steals in 23 minutes off the bench . Robinson led the way for the Knicks with 17 points , seven rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block . Thomas Beal was next with 13 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Kevin Knox tallied 16 points , seven rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block . Chasson Randle generated 11 points , five assists , one rebound and two steals in 22 minutes off the bench . Henry Ellenson tallied 10 points , three rebounds and two assists in 18 minutes off the bench . Mario Robinson led the second unit with 10 points , three rebounds , five assists and one steal . The Wizards were led by Jeff Green 's 19 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , one assist and one steal . Thomas followed with 13 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Kevin Knox tallied 16 points , seven rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block . Dennis Schroder was next with 15 points , five assists , two rebounds and one steal . P.J . Robinson led the bench with 11 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Wizards head back home to tangle with the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday evening , while the Wizards head to the Windy City for a Tuesday night date with the Boston Celtics .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the New York Knicks , 115 - 89 , in overtime at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . The Pistons ( 41 - 41 ) checked into Wednesday 's contest playing outstanding basketball , as they 'd notched victories in 10 of their previous 10 games . Nevertheless , they faced a formidable challenge in the top - seeded Pistons ( 17 - 65 ) , who 'd won only nine of their last 20 games . Luke Kennard of the team 's slack was outstanding , tallying 27 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . Reggie Jackson led all scorers with 21 points , and added seven assists and four rebounds . Kadeem two other members of the starting five posted double - digit scoring , and the Pistons tallied a 48 percent success rate from the field overall and 42 percent from three - point range . The Knicks were led by John Jenkins 's 16 - point , 3 - rebound performance that also included three assists and a steal . Reggie Jackson was right behind him with a 21 - point , seven - assist , four - rebound effort that also included a steal . Henry Ellenson tallied 12 points , four rebounds and two blocks . Isaiah Hicks led the bench with 11 points , five rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . The Knicks head back home to face off with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Knicks head to New York to take on the Knicks on Wednesday evening as well .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 124 - 115 , at Staples Center on Saturday . The Rockets ( 1 - 2 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Lakers ( 0 - 2 ) in the middle quarters . Houston outscored the visitors by a 68 - 44 margin over the third and fourth quarters , while the Rockets were able to outscore them 26 - 18 in the final period . The Rockets were led by LeBron James , who tallied a game - high 36 points and added seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . Chris Paul was right behind him with a 28 - point , 10 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds and a steal . Lonzo on all of it , the end of the starting five was productive , as JaVale McGee ( 16 points ) and Josh Hart ( 11 points ) were productive in reserve roles as well . LeBron James paced the visitors with 24 points , five assists , five rebounds , two steals and one block . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 16 points , six rebounds , two assists and five blocks . Rajon Rondo went for 13 points , 10 assists , seven rebounds and two steals . Gerald Green paced the second unit with 13 points . The Rockets head back home to face the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday evening , while the Lakers head to Los Angeles to tangle with the Spurs on Monday night .
The visiting San Antonio Spurs defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 143 - 142 , at Staples Center on Monday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was close throughout the first half . It was a wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as they led by at least 28 points for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Spurs hitting 52 percent of their shots and the Lakers shooting just 43 percent from the field . Los Angeles also dominated down low , winning the point in the paint differential , 48 - 38 . The Spurs ( 2 - 1 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kyle Kuzma carried the load for Los Angeles , as he led the team with 37 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 15 - of - 25 shooting . Josh Hart was second on the team , with his 20 points , 10 rebounds and two steals . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 16 points and eight rebounds on 7 - of - 13 shooting . The Lakers will play again on Wednesday , as they host the Phoenix Suns for their next game . The Lakers ( 0 - 3 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Kyle Kuzma led the team in scoring , as he tallied 37 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Rudy Gay was n't far behind , tallying 16 points , six rebounds and two steals of his own . Josh Hart was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 20 points , 10 rebounds and two steals . JaVale McGee was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 16 points and eight rebounds . The Lakers will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Indiana Pacers .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Denver Nuggets , 121 - 114 , at Staples Center on Thursday . The Lakers ( 2 - 3 ) notched their third straight win and remain undefeated at home after a triple - double home win . The Lakers ( 4 - 1 ) were held to just 31 points in the first quarter and trailed by 16 heading into the fourth quarter . The Lakers ( 4 - 1 ) shot well over 55 percent from the field as a unit , while the Nuggets ( 4 - 1 ) were held to just 50 percent shooting in the second half . LeBron James led all scorers with 28 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , and added 11 assists and 11 rebounds , in 32 minutes . Kyle Kuzma came up big in the clutch , as he finished with 22 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with three rebounds , two steals and one block , in 37 minutes . Jamal Murray came up big off the bench , with 22 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting , in 37 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Denver was Lance Stephenson , who finished with 12 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting , in 21 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets will have to head into the playoffs as they take on the Pelicans in New Orleans , on Monday . Meanwhile , the Nuggets will look to bounce back as they host the Pelicans on Monday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the host Mavericks , 114 - 50 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . Dallas ( 3 - 5 ) has been one of the most consistently average teams in the league , hovering around .500 since late January . There was nothing average about their performance on Wednesday , though , as they took care of business against the Mavericks . Superstar forward LeBron James led the team with 29 points and added six assists , five rebounds , and three steals . Point guard Harrison Barnes , meanwhile , scored 19 points and came away with four steals . As a whole , the Lakers hit 10 three - pointers and shot a stellar 51 percent from the floor . The team also dished out 23 assists in total . Veteran big man DeAndre Jordan led the team with 10 rebounds and 10 points while pulling down a team - high 12 rebounds . As a team , the Lakers had a whopping 20 turnovers and held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half . The Mavericks ( 5 - 11 ) , meanwhile , kept the game competitive despite a tough performance behind the arc . The team shot just 28 percent from long range , including 4 of 6 from beyond the arc . Guard Wesley Matthews had one of his best nights of the season , scoring 21 points and going 4 - of - 10 from three - point range . The Mavericks will host the Trail Blazers on Saturday , while the Mavericks will host the Knicks on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 121 - 107 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Raptors ( 9 - 1 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Lakers ( 4 - 6 ) came in to Sunday 's contest with only four games remaining in the regular season . However , the Lakers ( 4 - 6 ) were able to pierce the Lakers ( 4 - 6 ) on Sunday afternoon , posting respective success rates of 46 percent and 29 percent from the field and three - point range . They also elicited 16 turnovers from the Lakers , and held them to 46 percent shooting overall , including 25 percent from three - point range . The Lakers were led by a pair of 24 - point efforts from Kyle Lowry and LeBron James , with the former adding 15 assists , six rebounds , two steals and a block , and the latter providing six rebounds and two assists . Danny Green was a distant second behind Lowry , managing 15 points , three rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Jonas Valanciunas generated a 16 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a steal . Danny Green matched his point total and supplemented it with three rebounds , three assists , two blocks and a steal . Delon Wright led the second unit with 11 points , two assists and two rebounds . The Lakers were led by Kyle Kuzma , who tallied 24 points , five rebounds and two assists . Brandon Ingram pitched in with 16 points , three assists , one rebound and one block . Jonas Valanciunas contributed a 16 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a steal . Delon Wright led the bench with 11 points , two assists and two rebounds . The Lakers head back home to face the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday night , while the Lakers head to Los Angeles to tangle with the Timberwolves on Wednesday evening .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 114 - 110 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 5 - 6 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest with only four road victories in 34 games away from Staples Center this season , the struggling Timberwolves ( 4 - 8 ) did n't exactly shape up as very imposing . Accordingly , Los Angeles used a standout effort from Derrick Rose ( 31 points , four rebounds , five assists ) , Derrick Rose ( 31 points , three rebounds , five assists ) and Jimmy Butler ( 24 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block ) were the only other starters to manage double - digit scoring . Brandon Ingram paced the Timberwolves with 20 points , five rebounds , six assists , two blocks and one steal in 8 minutes off the bench . Jimmy Butler was next behind Rose with 24 points , five assists , five rebounds , three steals and one block . Kyle Kuzma posted 21 points , two boards , one assist and one steal . Taj Gibson posted a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and three steals . Andrew Wiggins supplied 19 points , five assists , four rebounds , three steals and one block . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 16 points and four boards over 22 minutes . The Timberwolves head back home to face the Sacramento Kings on Friday night , while the Timberwolves head to Sacramento to take on the Kings on Saturday evening as well .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 107 - 106 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 7 - 6 ) checked in to Sunday 's game with only three road victories in 18 tries , but a balanced offensive effort and opportunistic defense helped them improve that mark at the expense of the Hawks ( 3 - 10 ) . LeBron James and Taurean Ilyasova led the Lakers with matching 26 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , four assists and two steals , and the latter providing three rebounds , three assists and two steals . Alex Len posted a 17 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal . Kent Bazemore was next with 21 points , three assists , three rebounds , five steals and one block . Alex Len followed with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds and one assist . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope followed with 21 points , three rebounds , three assists , five steals and one block . Alex Len produced a near double - double of eight points , nine rebounds , three blocks and one steal . Lance Ingram was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , three rebounds , one assist and one block . LeBron James paced the Lakers with 26 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals . Kyle Kuzma led the starting five with 18 points , eight boards , one assist and two steals . Kent Bazemore was next with 21 points , three rebounds , three assists , five steals and one block . Alex Len posted a 17 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and one steal . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope collected 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Alex Len posted a 17 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and one steal . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the second unit with 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Hawks head back home to take on the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday night , while the Lakers head to the Staples Center to tangle with the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday evening as well .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 126 - 117 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 8 - 6 ) staved off a hungry Trail Blazers ( 10 - 4 ) to defeat the Trail Blazers ( 10 - 4 ) , with a final score of 126 - 117 . LeBron James scored a career - high 44 points to lead the Lakers to their 11th win in five games . The second - year guard shot 15 - of - 20 from the field , 3 - of - 9 from behind the arc and 12 - of - 13 from the free throw line . C.J . McCollum continues to be very effective , as he scored 23 points on an efficient 9 - of - 20 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 8 shooting from behind the arc . In the end , six players scored in double figures for the Lakers , but it was n't enough to get them the win . As for the Trail Blazers ( 10 - 4 ) , it was C.J . McCollum who led the way in the losing effort , scoring 23 points on 9 - of - 20 shooting in 37 minutes . JaVale McGee was tremendous down low , as he went 9 - of - 12 from the field and 0 - of - 0 from behind the arc en route to scoring nine points . As a team , the Trail Blazers were incredibly efficient from the field , shooting 47 percent from the field and 47 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Lakers will head home Friday to take on the Magic , while the Trail Blazers will head to Minnesota Saturday to play the Timberwolves .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Utah Jazz , 90 - 83 , at Staples Center on Friday . The Lakers ( 11 - 7 ) were at risk of losing their fourth straight game heading into Friday , but LeBron James was ejected from the game in the second quarter for arguing a foul call after a tussle between him and Dante Exum . LeBron James was the high - point man for Los Angeles , with 22 points , along with 10 rebounds , seven assists , two steals and one block , in 35 minutes . Joe Ingles followed up with 16 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 37 minutes off the bench , while JaVale McGee added 12 points in 27 minutes . The only other player to score in double figures for Los Angeles was JaVale McGee , who finished with 12 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting , to go along with four rebounds , three blocks and one steal , in only 22 minutes . The Lakers were led by Brandon Ingram , who finished with 17 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , along with six rebounds and one steal . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz , as he chipped in 16 points , along with eight assists , eight rebounds and one steal . The Lakers are now just one game behind the eighth - place Nuggets , and will look to inch closer , as they play host to the Magic on Sunday . Meanwhile , Brandon Ingram led the Lakers with a game - high 24 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , along with six rebounds , in 37 minutes . Joe Ingles followed up with 16 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 37 minutes off the bench , while JaVale McGee added 12 points in 27 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Lakers was Derrick Favors , who finished with 10 points .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 31 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with 15 rebounds , three blocks , seven assists and two steals , in 35 minutes . Aaron Gordon followed up with with 17 points and four rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Magic shot 45 percent from the field and hit 11 - of - 31 from long range . They also hit 13 - of - 14 from the free throw line . The Lakers on the other hand went 20 - of - 31 from the free throw line and struggled from three - point range , shooting 10 - of - 31 . LeBron James was the high - point man for the Lakers , with 24 points , seven assists and four rebounds , in 40 minutes . Kyle Kuzma followed up with 21 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , along with four rebounds , in 34 minutes . Terrence Ross came up big in 28 minutes off the bench , with 16 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting , including 4 - of - 6 from long range . Meanwhile , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only player to score in double digits for Los Angeles , as he finished with five points , on 1 - of - 7 shooting , in 29 minutes . Three players scored in double digits for the Lakers , including Terrence Gordon , who chipped in 17 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , in 11 minutes off the bench .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Indiana Pacers 104 - 96 at Staples Center on Thursday . The Lakes ( 27 - 9 ) held on for victory over the Pacers ( 13 - 81 ) . LeBron James led all scorers with 38 points , nine rebounds and seven assists on 15 - of - 27 shooting . Sabonis than the Lakers , the team 's effort proved to be too much for Indiana to handle . The Lakers shot 37 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Lakers were led by Domantas Sabonis , who scored 20 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting and grabbed 15 rebounds in 29 minutes . Three other Lakers starters scored in double figures , led by Domantas Sabonis 's 20 points . The Duke product added 15 rebounds , three assists and one block on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Brandon Ingram scored 14 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , while Cory Joseph added 10 points , six assists and six rebounds . Next up , the Lakers play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Sacramento Kings on Saturday , while the Lakers visit the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . The Pacers face off with the Dallas Mavericks at home Friday , while the Lakers will stay home and face the Dallas Mavericks ( Mavericks - 5 - 20 ) , while the Lakers host the Sacramento Kings ( 18 - 13 ) .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 114 - 103 , at Staples Center on Friday . The Lakers ( 13 - 9 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Lakers ( 13 - 9 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Friday , as Los Angeles posted a 49 percent success rate from the floor while limiting their visitors to a 39 percent figure . They also elicited 16 turnovers from the Mavericks , while limiting Dallas to a paltry 26 percent success rate from long range . Harrison Barnes led the way for the visitors with 29 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Dwight Powell was next with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds and two assists . Dennis Schroder supplied 13 points , three assists and three rebounds . Kyle Kuzma posted a 15 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included six assists . Wesley Matthews supplied 11 points , four rebounds and three assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope matched Barnes 's scoring total and added three rebounds and one assist . Dwight Powell led the bench with 17 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Dennis Schroder was next with 13 points , three assists and three rebounds . Tyson Jordan mustered a modest eight points but did haul in 12 boards . Wesley Matthews ( 11 points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal ) and Lonzo D.J . Caldwell-Pope ( 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal ) were productive in reserve roles as well . The Mavericks head back home to face the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday evening , while the Mavericks remain home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Phoenix Suns 120 - 96 at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakes ( 40 - 9 ) held on for victory over the Suns ( 4 - 19 ) . Kyle Kuzma led all scorers with 23 points , to go along with eight rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Brandon Ingram scored 15 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , including a rough 1 - of - 1 from behind the arc . LeBron James led all scorers with 22 points , eight rebounds and eight assists on 9 - of - 17 shooting to go with six rebounds and eight assists in 30 minutes . Josh Beasley added 14 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting , while Brandon Ingram pitched in 15 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Lakers were led by Richaun Holmes , who finished with 15 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 23 minutes off the bench . Brandon Ingram pitched in 15 points , five rebounds and two assists , while LeBron James added 22 points , eight assists and six rebounds . The Suns shot just 40 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Lakers play the San Antonio Spurs and the Staples Center will visit the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday , as the Suns will welcome the San Antonio Spurs ( 66 - 9 ) .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 121 - 113 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 15 - 9 ) jumped out to a big lead over the Lakers ( 11 - 14 ) in Wednesday 's 22 - point game , but the Spurs raced out to a 31 - 23 lead after the first quarter and never looked back . DeMar DeRozan led the way with a game - high 32 points and added seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . The Lakers were led by DeMar DeRozan , who tallied 32 points , three assists , seven rebounds and two steals . LaMarcus Aldridge followed with 22 points , nine boards , one assist and one block . LaMarcus Aldridge posted a 21 - point , 9 - rebound none that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Lonzo the trio of Rudy Gay , Lonzo had a rough night from the field , posting just 12 points on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was only able to muster a modest 12 points , but did haul in seven rebounds and recorded a steal and a block . Tyson Chandler led the San Antonio bench with two points and nine rebounds . DeMar DeRozan 's 32 points paced the Spurs , a total he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Kyle Kuzma continued his recent stretch of strong play with 22 points , nine boards and five assists . LaMarcus Aldridge followed with 21 points , nine boards , one assist and one block . Lonzo on a sluggish 7 - of - 12 shooting tally , making 3 - of - 6 shots from the charity stripe . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope registered 12 points , seven rebounds and a steal . The Lakers head back home to face the San Antonio Spurs on Friday evening , while the Spurs head to San Antonio to take on the Lakers on Friday evening as well .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Miami Heat , 108 - 105 , at Staples Center on Monday . The Lakers ( 17 - 10 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Lakers ( 17 - 10 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Monday , as the Lakers posted a 46 percent success rate from the floor while limiting them to a paltry 32 percent success rate from long range . The Lakers were led by matching 28 - point efforts from Justise Winslow and Justise Winslow , with the former adding seven rebounds , two assists and one steal , and the latter hauling in seven boards and dishing out two assists . Dwyane Wade was right behind him with 15 points , five assists , five rebounds , one steal and one block . Josh Richardson was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , three rebounds and five assists . Kyle Kuzma led the second unit with 8 points , seven rebounds , four assists , three blocks and one steal . Kelly Olynyk was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points , four rebounds , three assists and one steal in 23 minutes . Justise Winslow was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope poured in 11 points and added two rebounds , three assists and one steal . Kyle Kuzma led the bench with 10 points , seven rebounds , four assists , three blocks and one steal . Kelly Olynyk was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points , four rebounds , three assists and one steal in 23 minutes off the bench . The Heat head back home to face the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night , while the Heat head to Houston to tangle with the Jazz on Thursday evening .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 112 - 104 Friday at Staples Center . The Lakers ( 19 - 13 ) managed to open up a seven - point lead at the end of the first quarter , but the Pelicans ( 15 - 18 ) managed to storm back , outscoring the Pelicans ( 15 - 18 ) 18 by 25 entering the final period . Los Angeles took a 14 - point lead into the half , but the Lakers came out of the locker room firing on all cylinders and pushed the lead back up to 21 heading into the fourth . However , the Pelicans could n't get anything going , as they were able to come away with an eight point lead at the end of the third quarter . From there , it was the Anthony Davis show . The Lakers were led by Anthony Davis , who recorded 30 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting , 1 - of - 4 from three - point range , along with 20 rebounds , five assists and one block in 39 minutes . Jrue Holiday added 18 points of his own , to go along with six assists , six rebounds , and three blocks , in 37 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Lakers was Brandon Ingram , who chipped in 18 points , seven rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 32 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Pelicans , led by Kyle Kuzma with 23 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , in 32 minutes . Jrue Holiday was solid with 18 points , 10 assists , six rebounds and three blocks , in 37 minutes , while Brandon Ingram chipped in 18 points , seven rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 32 minutes .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 107 - 99 , at Staples Center on Sunday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Memphis offense was lights - out , as they shot 47 percent from the field , 64 percent from the free - throw line and 54 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Grizzlies outscoring the Lakers , 24 - 26 . Memphis did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went just 15 - of - 22 from the charity stripe . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Memphis winning that battle , 43 - 41 . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 14 ) had to play this game without Tyson Chandler ( knee ) and they simply could n't overcome his absence . LeBron James did all he could for Los Angeles , as he led the team with 22 points , 14 rebounds and seven assists . Mike Conley accrued 17 points , two rebounds and eight assists . Marc Gasol totaled 17 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Ivica Zubac played well off the bench , amassing 11 points , four rebounds and four blocks . The Lakers will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Golden State Warriors . Los Angeles ( 17 - 16 ) had to play this game without Tyson Chandler ( knee ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Grizzlies team . LeBron James was the player of the game , collecting 22 points , 14 rebounds and seven assists . Marc Gasol was n't far behind , accumulating 17 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Mike Conley had a nice all - around game , collecting 17 points , a rebound and eight assists . On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 118 - 107 at Staples Center on Friday . The Clippers ( 21 - 14 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Kyle Kuzma led the way with a game - high 24 points and nine rebounds , while Danilo Gallinari pitched in 19 points , nine rebounds , three assists and a block in 32 minutes . Brandon Ingram pitched in 17 points , seven rebounds and two steals in 32 minutes , while Montrezl Harrell added 12 points off the bench on 6 - of - 9 shooting . The Clippers were led by a strong performance from Lou Williams , who scored 36 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting , including a 3 - of - 3 mark from long distance . The only other players to score in double figures for the Lakers were Montrezl Harrell , who scored 12 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 14 points , four rebounds and one assist . The Clippers will look to build on this win , as they head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Sunday . Meanwhile , Kyle Kuzma led the way for Los Angeles with 24 points , nine rebounds and five assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting , while Danilo Gallinari added 19 points , nine rebounds and one block . Brandon Ingram pitched in with 17 points and seven rebounds , while Tyson Chandler was efficient with six points , 15 rebounds , three assists and one block in just 23 minutes . Next up , the Clippers host the Spurs on Saturday , while the Lakers visit the Sacramento Kings on Saturday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Sacramento Kings , 121 - 114 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 21 - 16 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Kings ( 19 - 17 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . A balanced offensive attack was key , as Los Angeles posted a 48 percent success rate from the field and limiting their visitors to a 48 percent success rate from behind the arc . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's 26 points led the way for the Kings , and he added three rebounds , an assist and two steals . Brandon Ingram pitched in with 21 points , nine assists , five rebounds , two blocks and one steal . Brandon Ingram and Kyle Kuzma turned in a pair of 21 - point efforts , with the former adding nine assists , seven rebounds , two blocks and a steal , and the latter providing three rebounds and four assists . Iman Shumpert provided eight points , two rebounds , five assists and two steals . JaVale McGee was productive in a reserve role as well , generating eight points , 12 rebounds , two steals and one assist . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the way for the Lakers with 26 points , three rebounds , one assist and two steals . Josh Hart tallied 22 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Buddy Hield was next with 21 points , three rebounds and two assists . Willie Cauley-Stein compiled 11 points , 12 rebounds , one assist , two steals and three blocks . Iman Shumpert provided eight points , two rebounds , five assists and two steals . JaVale McGee was productive off the bench as well with eight points , 12 boards , one assist , two steals and one block . The Kings next head to Sacramento to tangle with the Thunder on Tuesday evening , while the Kings remain home to face the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday evening as well .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 107 - 100 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Thunder ( 24 - 13 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Russell Westbrook . The MVP candidate finished with 14 points , 16 rebounds , 10 assists , two steals and two blocks on 3 - of - 20 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 2 - of - 11 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Thunder ' double - digit lead in the second half . The Thunder bench was led by Brandon Ingram , who totaled 17 points , 11 rebounds , five assists and one block in 40 minutes . Westbrook led all scorers with 37 points , to go along with four rebounds and two assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 25 points , three rebounds and two assists , while JaVale McGee was solid with 15 points and eight rebounds . Los Angeles shot 38 percent from the field and knocked down 7 - of - 27 attempts from three - point range . The Lakers were led by Paul George , who finished with 37 points , four rebounds , two assists and four steals on 15 - of - 29 shooting . Dennis Schroder got the start and scored 25 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , while Brandon Ingram pitched in 17 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . JaVale Grant was the only other Lakers player to score in double figures , as he scored 15 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Next up , the Lakers host the New York Knicks on Friday , while the Thunder visit the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday .
The New York Knicks defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 119 - 112 , at Staples Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Knicks ( 10 - 29 ) had to play this game without Courtney Lee and Courtney Lee , as they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out a win . They really struggled late , as they made just one shot over the final four - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Knicks , as they held the Lakers to 44 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Knicks also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 56 - 55 . The Lakers ( 21 - 18 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Brandon Ingram led the way for Los Angeles , as he scored a season - high 21 points on 8 - of - 21 shooting . Tim McGee was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points and nine rebounds off the bench . Emmanuel Mudiay had one of his best games of the season , accumulating 15 points , seven rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Lakers is a road matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday . The Lakers ( 21 - 18 ) have now lost 16 of their last 16 games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he provided 22 points , six rebounds and two assists off the bench . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 19 points , six rebounds and three assists . Emmanuel Mudiay provided 15 points , seven rebounds and six assists of his own . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 16 points and nine rebounds on 9 - of - 14 from the field . The Knicks will host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday for their next game .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 113 - 100 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 23 - 19 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Pistons ( 17 - 22 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Kyle Griffin for Andre Drummond and the Pistons ( 23 - 22 ) to just one road win in the final period . Griffin led the way for Los Angeles with 41 points , which he supplemented with a pair of rebounds and a steal . He turned in a stellar performance on the offensive end , a total he supplemented with two rebounds and six assists . Michael Beasley followed with a bench - leading 19 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was next with 15 points , six boards and four assists . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 10 points , five rebounds and an assist to lead the bench . The Lakers were led by Blake Griffin 's 16 points , which he supplemented with two assists and two rebounds . Michael Beasley followed with 19 points , two assists , two rebounds and two blocks . Reggie Bullock followed with a bench - leading 13 points , which he supplemented with one assist and one steal . Reggie Bullock supplied 13 points , three rebounds and one assist . Ivica Zubac was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , nine rebounds , one assist and one steal . Blake Griffin paced the Lakers with 41 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and one steal . Langston Galloway was next with a bench - leading 15 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and one assist . Reggie Bullock followed with a bench - leading 15 points , five assists , two rebounds and one steal . Reggie Bullock supplied 13 points , three rebounds and one assist . Ivica Zubac was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , nine rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Lakers head back home to tangle with the Utah Jazz on Thursday evening , while the Pistons head to the Mile High City for a rematch with the Kings on Friday night .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 101 - 95 , at Staples Center on Sunday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Cleveland offense was lights - out , as they shot 43 percent from the field , 74 percent from the field and 21 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , with Cleveland recording 18 assists to 10 turnovers , while Los Angeles committed 11 turnovers to just 21 assists . The Lakers ( 23 - 21 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kyle Kuzma carried the load for the Lakers , as he led the team with 29 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Rodney Hood was second on the team , with his 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 14 rebounds and two blocks . Cleveland will host the Portland Trail Blazers for their next game on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 23 - 21 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kyle Kuzma was the player of the game , as he collected 29 points and eight rebounds on 11 - of - 23 from the field . Rodney Hood finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson provided 15 points and 14 rebounds . On deck for the Lakers is a road matchup with the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Chicago Bulls , 107 - 100 , at Staples Center on Tuesday night . The Lakers ( 24 - 21 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Lakers ( 24 - 21 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Tuesday , as Los Angeles posted a 46 percent success rate from the field and outscored the Bulls by a 59 - 40 margin in the second half . The visitors shot 46 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range while also eliciting 13 turnovers from their visitors as well . Jabari Parker led Chicago with 18 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was next with 17 points , four rebounds , one assist and two steals . Brandon Ingram and Kyle Kuzma contributed matching 12 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds , an assist and a block , and the latter registering three boards , two assists , one steal and one block . Tyson Chandler led the second unit with eight points , three rebounds and one block . Jabari Parker led Chicago with 18 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kyle Kuzma posted a near double - double with 16 points , 12 rebounds , two assists and a steal . Zach LaVine registered 10 points , four assists and four rebounds . Wendell led the second unit with a modest six points . The Bulls head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Thursday evening , while the Lakers head to Oklahoma City to tangle with the Nuggets on Thursday night .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 130 - 111 , at Staples Center on Monday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Warriors left no doubt with this 12 - point win . It was a near wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 20 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Lakers to 50 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 33 - 14 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the west . Klay Thompson was the player of the game , as he tallied 44 points , three rebounds and two assists . Kevin Durant was second on the team , with 20 points , six rebounds and four assists . Kyle Kuzma started at center and provided 16 points and two rebounds . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 10 points and nine rebounds . The Lakers will be off until Thursday , when they play the Minnesota Timberwolves on the road for their next game . The Warriors ( 33 - 14 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 23rd road loss of the year . Ivica Zubac led the team in scoring , dropping 18 points and four rebounds on 7 - of - 8 shooting . Stephen Curry was second on the team , as he finished with 11 points , five rebounds and 12 assists . The Warriors next game will be on Thursday , when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 120 - 105 , at Staples Center on Thursday . The Timberwolves ( 24 - 24 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind impressive play from Karl-Anthony Towns and Karl-Anthony Towns . Towns finished with a game - high 27 points , to go along with 12 rebounds , five assists , two blocks and one steal on 10 - of - 18 shooting . The Timberwolves , as a unit , were led by Brandon Ingram , who totaled 20 points , six rebounds and one assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Towns led the Timberwolves in scoring with 27 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting , while Caldwell-Pope added 13 points , two rebounds and three assists . Jerryd Bayless pitched in 16 points off the bench on 6 - of - 15 shooting , and Brandon Ingram , who drew the start in place of Teague , finished with seven points on 3 - of - 5 shooting . The Lakers were led by Brandon Ingram , who scored 20 points in 36 minutes , to go with six rebounds and one assist . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other starter to score in double figures , scoring 13 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting . The Lakers were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who finished with 27 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and two blocks on 10 - of - 18 shooting across 31 minutes . Andrew Wiggins added 23 points on 9 - of - 23 shooting , to go with eight rebounds , three assists and two steals .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Phoenix Suns , 116 - 75 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 26 - 24 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Suns ( 26 - 24 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Sunday , as the struggling Suns ( 11 - 41 ) was able to pull away in the final period . The Lakers were led by Devin Booker , who tallied 21 points , six assists and two rebounds . Richaun Holmes and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope were next with a pair of 12 - point tallies , with the former adding an impressive 10 rebounds , and the latter supplying four assists , two rebounds , two steals and four blocks . Richaun Holmes generated a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , four blocks and a steal . Josh Beasley led the bench with eight points , four rebounds , six assists , three blocks and one steal . Devin Booker led the way for the Suns with 21 points , six assists and two rebounds . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope followed with 24 points and six boards . Richaun Holmes followed with 12 points , 10 rebounds , one assist , four blocks and one steal . Rajon Rondo totaled eight points , four assists , four rebounds and one steal . Josh Beasley was productive as a reserve as well with eight points , four rebounds , six assists , three blocks and one steal . Josh Beasley was productive as a reserve as well with eight points , four rebounds , six assists , three blocks and one steal . The Suns head back home to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday evening , while the Suns head to Los Angeles to tangle with the Spurs on Tuesday night .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 121 - 105 , at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Sixers ( 33 - 18 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Lakers ( 26 - 25 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Jimmy Butler for the second straight contest with a back - to - back set . Philadelphia took a nine - point lead at the end of the first quarter and never looked back , outscoring the Lakers ( 26 - 25 ) by a 32 - 28 margin in the final 17 minutes . The third quarter was the difference in the game for the 76ers , as they outscored the Lakers by a 32 - 28 margin in the final 19 minutes . The Sixers were led by Brandon Ingram , who tallied 36 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Jimmy Butler followed with 20 points , five rebounds , six assists , five steals and one block . JaVale McGee followed with a 17 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two blocks and a steal . Mike Muscala led the bench with 17 points , seven boards and one steal . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 28 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and one block . Jimmy Butler was next with 20 points , six assists , five rebounds , five steals and one block . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 17 points , 14 rebounds , one assist , two steals and two blocks . Mike Muscala led the bench with 17 points , seven boards and one steal . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 28 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and one block . Jimmy Butler was next with a near double - double consisting of 20 points , six assists , five rebounds , five steals and a block . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 17 points , 14 rebounds , one assist , two steals and two blocks . The Lakers next take the court to take on the Los Angeles Clippers ( Thursday evening , while the Sixers remain home to face the Golden State Warriors on Thursday evening .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Houston Rockets 111 - 106 at Staples Center on Thursday . The Lakers ( 29 - 29 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from LeBron James and the Lakers . Paul finished with 29 points , nine assists , 12 rebounds , one steal and one block on 11 - of - 23 shooting . Harden went on to finish with 30 points , nine assists and six rebounds on 11 - of - 24 shooting , including 2 - of - 10 from behind the arc . Brandon Ingram pitched in with his second 27 - point performance on the season , led by 27 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting . The Rockets ( 33 - 25 ) were led by Brandon Ingram , who finished with 27 points , 13 rebounds and one assist on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Chris Paul added a double - double with 23 points and 9 assists on 9 - of - 15 shooting across 34 minutes . The Rockets were led by James , who finished with 30 points , six rebounds , six assists , one steal and one block on 9 - of - 24 shooting . Kyle Kuzma added 18 points , six rebounds and five assists , while Eric Gordon pitched in 14 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting , including four three - pointers . The Rockets were led by James Harden , who finished with 30 points , six rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 24 shooting .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 125 - 119 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Lakes ( 28 - 31 ) held on for victory over the Pelicans ( 27 - 37 ) . LeBron James led all scorers with 33 points and nine assists on 13 - of - 24 shooting to go with six rebounds and 10 assists . Brandon Ingram scored 23 points , alongside six rebounds and four assists , while Rajon Rondo pitched in with 11 points and 16 assists . Kyle Kuzma was the only other Pelicans player to score in double figures , as he scored 19 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting to lead the bench . The Lakers were led by Julius Randle , who scored a career - high 35 points on 11 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with six rebounds , three assists , one block and one block in 39 minutes . Jrue Holiday added 19 points of his own , to go along with seven assists and seven boards , while Kyle Kuzma added 22 points and five boards in 35 minutes . The Lakers were led by Anthony Davis , who scored 22 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting , to go with eight rebounds and two assists in 20 minutes . Jrue Holiday added 19 points , while the only other Pelicans player to score in double digits were JaVale McGee , who added 10 points in 10 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Lakers host the Suns on Friday . The Lakers play host to the Bucks , also on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 131 - 120 , at Staples Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Bucks dominated from start to finish , as they led for over 42 minutes of this game and led by at least six points for the entirety of the second half . The second quarter is where they spread it out , outscoring Los Angeles , 68 - 29 . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Milwaukee winning that battle , 51 - 40 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 11 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Lakers ( 30 - 32 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . LeBron James carried the load , as he tallied 31 points , seven rebounds and four assists on 10 - of - 19 shooting . Khris Middleton was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , five rebounds and six assists . Ersan Ilyasova was the only other player in double figures , as he dropped 21 points on a perfect 8 - of - 13 shooting . On deck for the Lakers is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday . The Bucks ( 48 - 14 ) have now won nine of their last 14 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the west . Eric Bledsoe led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 31 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo finished second on the team , accumulating 20 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Khris Middleton started at point guard and totaled 18 points , five rebounds and six assists .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 113 - 105 , at Staples Center on Monday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Clippers left no doubt with this 13 - point win . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Clippers , as they led for the final 42 minutes . In addition , the Clippers held a double - digit lead for the final 38 minutes . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Lakers to under 42 percent from the field and just 26 percent from three - point range . Los Angeles also hurt themselves with free - throw shooting , as they went just 19 - of - 24 from the charity stripe . The Lakers ( 30 - 34 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Danilo Gallinari led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and two steals . Lou Williams was second on the team , providing 21 points , three rebounds and five assists off the bench . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 14 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Montrezl Harrell was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 14 points and 11 rebounds on 7 - of - 15 shooting . The Lakers will look to play better on Friday , when they host the Denver Nuggets . The Clippers ( 37 - 29 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Rajon Rondo was the player of the game , as he collected 24 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Lou Williams was second on the team , as he provided 21 points , three rebounds and five assists off the bench . Montrezl Harrell recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 14 points and 11 rebounds . Los Angeles will look to play better on Friday in a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 115 - 99 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . It was a wire - to - wire win for Denver , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 31 minutes . Defense was key for the Nuggets , as they held the Lakers to 48 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Denver winning that battle , 55 - 41 . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Lakers ( 26 - 35 ) have now won 11 of their last 20 games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the west . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he collected 31 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Nikola Jokic finished second on the team , totaling 12 points , 17 rebounds , eight assists and three steals . Paul Millsap was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Alex Caruso was a huge spark off the bench , providing 15 points , six rebounds and three assists . Denver will host the Golden State Warriors on Saturday for their next game . The Nuggets ( 43 - 21 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a hungry Denver team . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he accumulated 31 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Nikola Jokic finished second on the team , totaling 12 points , 17 rebounds , eight assists and three steals . Paul Millsap was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup with the Golden State Warriors .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 120 - 107 , at Staples Center on Saturday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided matchup . The Celtics ' offense was especially bad , as they shot 52 percent from the field , 71 percent from the free - throw line and 37 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Celtics outscoring the Lakers , 32 - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 32 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Lakers committed 12 turnovers to 28 assists . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he dropped a game - high 30 points , to go along with five assists and two blocks on 12 - of - 18 shooting . Marcus Morris finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and seven rebounds . Al Horford was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 10 points and eight rebounds . Boston will return to action on Monday in a road matchup with the Chicago Bulls . The Celtics ( 41 - 26 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 2 games behind the Lakers for the final spot in the west . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he accumulated 30 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists en route to a triple - double . Marcus Morris finished second on the team , accruing 16 points and seven rebounds . Al Horford scored 10 points , grabbing eight rebounds and dished out four assists . On deck for the Lakers is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 111 - 106 , at Staples Center on Friday . The Nets ( 31 - 41 ) came into Friday 's contest in urgent need of a win , not only to keep pace behind the eighth - seeded Denver Nuggets in the Western Conference , but to also put the considerable bad taste of a 116 - 74 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers on their home court on Wednesday night . The Lakers were led by another stellar performance from JaVale McGee , who posted 33 points , 20 rebounds , six blocks and one steal on 15 - of - 20 shooting . Joe Harris was the only other player to score in double digits for the Nets , as he finished with 26 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 6 - of - 8 from downtown . LeBron James rounded out the box score with 25 points , seven assists and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 20 shooting , while Jarrett Allen led the Lakers with 33 points on 15 - of - 20 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range . Joe Harris was the only other starter to score in double digits for the Nets , finishing with 15 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting . The Nets ( 31 - 41 ) were led by Joe Harris ' 26 points , which he added two assists and three rebounds . DeMarre Carroll contributed 15 points and six boards , while Ed Davis finished with 14 points and 15 boards in 20 minutes off the bench . Both teams play on Sunday , as the Lakers host the Sacramento Kings , while the Nets host the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Sacramento Kings 111 - 106 at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 32 - 41 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind impressive play from LeBron James and LeBron James . James finished with a game - high 29 points , to go along with 11 assists , 11 rebounds , two steals and one block on 9 - of - 22 shooting . Kyle Kuzma was the only other Lakers player to score in double figures , as he scored 29 points on 10 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with six rebounds and two assists . LeBron James rounded out the box score , and did provide a dunk of the year candidate after finishing a lob pass from Harrison Kuzma . James finished with 29 points , 11 rebounds , 11 assists and two steals on 9 - of - 22 shooting . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other starter to score in double figures , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 21 shooting . The Kings were led by Marvin Bagley , who scored 25 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting , to go along with 11 rebounds , two assists and one block . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 18 points , six rebounds and three assists , while Bogdan Bogdanovich pitched in 17 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting . Rajon Rondo rounded out the stat sheet with three points and nine assists , while Willie Cauley-Stein pitched in 10 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting . Next up , the Kings play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Dallas Mavericks , while the Lakers visit the Washington Wizards on Tuesday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 33 - 41 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 45 ) 124 - 106 on Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . After coming out of the third quarter down 77 - 69 , the Lakers went off in the fourth , out - scoring the Wizards 27 - 23 to finish the game and steal the eight - point victory on the road in Los Angeles . The Lakers were the superior shooters in this game , going 54 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went 43 percent from the floor and just 19 percent from deep . LeBron James led the way for the Lakers , finishing with 23 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , seven rebounds and 14 assists . It was his second 23 - point performance in a row , as he 's combined for 53 points and 27 rebounds over his last two games . Jabari Parker also played a big factor in the win as well . He went 8 - for - 15 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 18 points , to go along with five rebounds in 30 minutes . It was his second straight double - double , as he 's combined for 36 points and 27 rebounds in his last two games . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 129 - 115 , at Staples Center on Friday . The Lakers ( 34 - 42 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind impressive play from LeBron James and LeBron James . James finished with a game - high 27 points , to go along with nine assists , three rebounds and one steal , on 11 - of - 19 shooting . James went on to finish with 27 points , three rebounds and nine assists on 11 - of - 19 shooting , while LeBron James rounded out the box score with seven points , six rebounds and two assists on 3 - of - 9 shooting across 35 minutes . Kemba Walker led the way for the Hornets with 24 points , six assists and two rebounds on 9 - of - 18 shooting , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 25 points , four boards and four assists . Kyle Kuzma was the only other Hornets player to score in double figures , as he scored 20 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . The Hornets were led by Kemba Walker , who scored 24 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with six rebounds and six assists . Kyle Kuzma pitched in 20 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , while Stephenson contributed 17 points , three rebounds and two assists . Both teams play on Sunday , as the Hornets visit the Golden State Warriors , while the Lakers host the New Orleans Warriors .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 108 - 90 , at Staples Center on Thursday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Warriors left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Golden State pulled out the wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 39 minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Lakers to 36 percent from the field and 22 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Golden State recording five more assists than the Lakers , while committing nine less turnovers . The Warriors ( 54 - 24 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to slide down the standings . DeMarcus Cousins led the way for Golden State , as he tallied 21 points , 10 rebounds and two steals . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , dropping 11 points , four rebounds and three assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 12 points , four rebounds and six assists . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing eight points , 13 rebounds and three blocks on 4 - of - 8 from the field . The Lakers will look to keep rolling on Friday , as they host the Cleveland Cavaliers for their next game . The Lakers ( 35 - 44 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . DeMarcus Cousins was the player of the game , as he collected 21 points , 8 rebounds and two steals on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Kevin Durant finished second on the team with 15 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Moritz on deck for the Lakers is a road matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Utah Jazz 113 - 109 at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 37 - 44 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind the return of their star point guard Rudy Gobert . Gobert finished with 21 points , 10 rebounds and two blocks on 8 - of - 11 shooting in 36 minutes of action . Caldwell-Pope led the Lakers in scoring with 32 points , to go along with six rebounds and six assists , in 41 minutes . Alex Caruso was the high - point man for Utah , as he finished with 22 points , to go along with eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks , in 41 minutes . C.J . Ingles finished with 32 points on 13 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with six assists , four rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz was Johnathan Ingles , who finished with 14 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting , in 22 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Jazz , led by Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who finished with 32 points , six rebounds and six assists . JaVale McGee added 22 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting , while C.J . Ingles was the only other player to score in double digits , as he chipped in 12 . The Jazz go on to host the Nuggets on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 52 - 29 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 37 - 45 ) 104 - 101 on Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . It was a tough loss for the Lakers , who are now tied with the Thunder for the eigth seed in the Western Conference standings . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Damian Lillard . Caldwell-Pope shot 11 - for - 31 from the field and 5 - for - 15 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 32 points , while also adding five rebounds and eight assists . He was able to get to the free throw line seven times and converted on all six of those attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only five points against the Wizards on Sunday . Enes Kanter was a big factor in the win as well , finishing with 22 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and 16 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 43 points and 22 rebounds over his last two games . The only other Blazer to reach double figures in points was Mike Muscala , who came off the bench for 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) in 35 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday , while the Lakers will travel to lost the road to play the Lakers on Wednesday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Miami Heat , 104 - 101 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Heat 25 - 23 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held Miami to 39 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 16 turnovers . The Magic shot 41 percent from the field , while Miami shot 39 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . The Heat ( 0 - 1 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete . Aaron Gordon was the player of the game , as he scored a career - high 26 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Josh Richardson was a huge spark off the bench , as he scored 21 points on 8 - of - 21 shooting . Dwyane Wade struggled mightily , as he scored just nine points on 3 - of - 13 shooting . Nikola Vucevic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 12 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , accruing 12 points , 18 rebounds and four blocks in the win . Miami will look to get out of this slide on Thursday against the Washington Wizards .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Orlando Magic , 120 - 88 , at Amway Center on Friday . While this game was close in the first half , the Hornets stung the Magic in the third quarter to run away with this one . In fact , they outscored Orlando , 31 - 23 in the third quarter , as the Hornets simply could n't recover from that blow . The Charlotte offense was on point , as they shot 47 percent from the field , 85 percent from the free - throw line and 45 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Hornets outscoring the Magic , 29 - 21 . Charlotte did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 17 - of - 20 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Charlotte winning that battle , 55 - 44 . The Hornets also recorded 32 assists , while the Magic only dished out 18 . The Magic ( 1 - 1 ) continue to fly under the radar and they may have pulled out their biggest win of the season against the Magic here . Kemba Walker did all he could though , as he led Orlando with 26 points , two rebounds and five assists . Nikola Vucevic was n't far behind , accumulating 12 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points , six rebounds and five assists . Charlotte will look to get out of this slide on Saturday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 24 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with 11 rebounds , three steals , three assists and one block , in 31 minutes . Terrence Ross followed up with 21 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , including 5 - of - 9 from long range , in 28 minutes off the bench . Evan Fournier chipped in 17 points on 6 - of - 16 shooting , along with six assists , in 31 minutes off the bench . Nikola Vucevic was huge in Portland 's overtime victory , finishing with 24 points and 11 rebounds , in 26 minutes . Meanwhile , Evan Fournier was the only player to score in double digits for Orlando , as he finished with 17 points , to go along with six assists and three rebounds , in 31 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Magic was Jonathan Isaac , who added 10 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Damian Lillard led the way for the Blazers , with a game - high 41 points on 13 - of - 23 shooting , to go along with six assists , seven rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . Four other players scored in double digits for the Magic , including Terrence Ross , who finished with 21 points . Aaron Gordon went 6 - of - 11 from the field , on his way to 17 points , in 17 minutes .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Kings Magic , 107 - 40 , at Amway Center on Tuesday . Sacramento was expected to win this game easily , but Sacramento had other ideas . In fact , the Kings led for over 45 minutes of this game , as they never looked in jeopardy to relinquish the lead . Rebounding was the key , with the Kings winning that battle , 51 - 30 . The Kings also dominated the shooting , hitting 49 percent of their shots , while holding Orlando to just 49 percent from the field . The Kings ( 5 - 3 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Kings is just what the doctor ordered . Buddy Hield led Sacramento in scoring , as he tallied 25 points and 11 rebounds on 9 - of - 15 from the field . Nikola Vucevic was a nice spark off the bench , as he accrued 15 points , 15 rebounds , five assists and two steals on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 15 points , two rebounds and five assists . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 17 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Sacramento will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Hawks . Sacramento ( 5 - 3 ) have been playing their best ball of the season recently and this win only adds to that success . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points and 11 rebounds on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 15 rebounds and five assists . Willie Cauley-Stein recorded a double - double , amassing 14 points and 11 rebounds . Terrence Ross was second on the team , providing 17 points and two assists off the bench . Sacramento will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Orlando Magic , 120 - 95 , at Amway Center on Friday . While this game was close in the first half , the Clippers stung the Magic in the third quarter to run away with this one . In fact , they outscored Orlando , 30 - 28 in the fourth quarter , as they held the lead for the final 25 minutes . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Magic to 44 percent from the field and 24 percent from three - point range . The Clippers also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 50 - 28 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 32 . The Clippers ( 2 - 6 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for the Clippers , as they shot 48 percent from the field and assisted on 22 of their 41 made baskets . Nikola Vucevic was one of the lone bright spots , as he led the team with 22 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Evan Fournier led the starters in scoring , as he accrued 19 points , three rebounds and four assists . The Clippers ( 5 - 4 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Clippers team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Lou Williams was the lone bright spot for Orlando , as he led the team with 28 points , three rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 12 from the field . Evan Fournier was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , three rebounds , four assists and three steals . Boban Marjanovic was the only bench player in double figures , amassing 10 points and 11 rebounds on 4 - of - 7 from the field . The Magic will play again on Monday , as they host the San Antonio Timberwolves . The Clippers ( 5 - 6 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , dropping 22 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting , while adding 11 rebounds in the win . Evan Fournier was second on the team , as he scored 19 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Danilo Gallinari and Jerian Grant were the only other Magic players in double figures , as they scored 13 points a piece . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 102 - 100 , at Amway Center on Monday . The blueprints of the Magic ( 4 - 6 ) and Cavaliers ( 1 - 10 ) were both on display Monday , and Orlando showed why it 's sometimes better to have a collection of above - average players than a top - heavy attack heavily focused on one superstar talent . The Cavaliers received a standout effort from Aaron Gordon , who contributed 15 points , a pair of rebounds , an assist and a steal , led the way for the visitors . Orlando was led by a 23 - point effort from Aaron Gordon , who also added nine rebounds and three assists . Terrence Ross poured in 15 points and added two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Evan Fournier was next with 15 points , five assists , a rebound , three steals and a block . Nikola Vucevic posted a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two blocks and a steal . J.R. Smith was solid with 14 points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . The Cavs are currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and slotted in the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Cleveland to take on the Thunder on Wednesday . Cleveland 's attack was spearheaded by George Hill , who tallied 22 points , six assists , four rebounds and four steals . Tristan Thompson followed with a 19 - point , 16 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and a block . Evan Fournier was next with 15 points , five assists , a rebound , three steals and a block . Nikola Vucevic , who 'd been hospitalized in recent days with an illness , posted 14 points , 10 rebounds , an assist , a steal and two blocks . Rodney Hood pitched in with 11 points , a rebound and an assist . The Cavaliers remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Orlando to take on the Pistons on Wednesday night .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Orlando Magic , 103 - 96 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . While this scoreline looks moderately close , the Pistons had this game well in hand early on . In fact , they led for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of it . Defense was key for the Pistons , as they held the Magic to 46 percent from the field , 33 percent from three - point range and 90 percent from the free - throw line . The Pistons also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 50 - 26 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 35 . The Magic ( 4 - 7 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Magic is just what the doctor ordered . Evan Fournier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two steals . D.J . Augustin led Orlando in scoring , as he provided 16 points and seven assists off the bench . Aaron Gordon recorded a 15 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup with the Washington Wizards on Friday . The Pistons ( 5 - 5 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Andre Drummond was the player of the game , as he totaled 23 points and 19 rebounds on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Blake Griffin was second on the team , with his 20 points , five rebounds and three assists . Aaron Gordon was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and 10 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Orlando will host the Washington Wizards on Friday for their next game .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 21 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with 14 rebounds , two blocks , three assists and one steal , in 30 minutes . Kelly Oubre Jr. was the only other starter to score in double digits , as he chipped in 19 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , including 2 - of - 5 from long range , in 29 minutes off the bench . The Magic shot 13 - of - 31 from long range and 51 percent from the field overall . Bradley Beal led the way for the Wizards with 27 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long range . Bradley Beal followed up with 27 points , while the only other player to score in double figures for Orlando was Jeff Green , who chipped in 14 points on 4 - of - 5 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from long range , in 17 minutes off the bench . The Magic shot 51 percent from the field , while the Wizards shot 51 percent . Bradley Beal was the high - point man with 27 on 10 - of - 21 shooting , along with six assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block , in 42 minutes . Aaron Gordon followed up with 20 points and seven rebounds , while Evan Fournier added 15 points , six rebounds , six assists and two steals . Dwight Howard was solid in the paint , as he finished with 12 points and eight rebounds , in 26 minutes .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 111 - 106 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . The Magic ( 7 - 8 ) embarked on their current road trip as losers of four in a row , and appeared like a team in disarray all the way around . However , they 've found a way to turn things around away from the confines of Amway Center , as they 've now managed to rattle off victories in four of their last five games , including three straight . Nikola Vucevic led the way for the Magic with 30 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . J.J. Redick was next with 22 points , six rebounds and six assists . Jimmy Butler was next with 14 points , four rebounds and two assists . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 14 points , four rebounds , one steal and one steal . Jonathon Simmons was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , one rebound and one assist . Nikola Vucevic paced Philadelphia with 30 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . Aaron Gordon was next with 17 points , six rebounds , six assists , two blocks and one steal . Terrence Ross and Wilson Chandler supplied matching 15 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds , one assist and one steal , and the latter supplying four rebounds , one steal and one steal . Wesley Iwundu submitted 11 points , one rebound and two steals . The Magic head back home to tangle with the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday evening , while the Sixers head to Central Florida for a Saturday night date with the Utah Jazz .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 130 - 117 , at Amway Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 10 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . Shooting was key , with the Magic hitting 54 percent of their shots , while holding Los Angeles to under 48 percent shooting . The Magic also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 41 - 41 . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 36 points and 13 rebounds on 15 - of - 23 from the field . LeBron James finished second on the team with 22 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Brandon Ingram was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Orlando 's next game is on Sunday , when they take on the Miami Heat at home . The Magic ( 8 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Evan Fournier was second on the team , totaling 15 points , five rebounds and four assists . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 11 points and four rebounds . The Lakers will be off until Sunday , when they play the Miami Heat on the road for their next game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the New York Knicks , 131 - 117 , at Amway Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Knicks 23 - 25 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held New York to 46 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Magic also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 48 - 29 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 35 . The Knicks ( 4 - 13 ) continue to blitz opponents with their up - tempo offense , and the Knicks simply could n't keep up with them . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , accruing 32 points , four rebounds , two assists and three steals on 9 - of - 20 shooting . Evan Fournier was second on the team , with his 19 points , four rebounds and six assists . On deck for Orlando is a road matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday . The Magic ( 9 - 8 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Aaron Gordon led the team in scoring , as he dropped 32 points on 9 - of - 20 from the field , to go along with two rebounds and two assists . Evan Fournier was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , four rebounds and six assists . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 21 points and 19 rebounds on 10 - of - 16 shooting . The Knicks will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the host Orlando Magic , 93 - 91 , at Amway Center on Tuesday . Toronto were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Magic to 40 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Orlando , despite committing nine less turnovers . The Magic ( 9 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Orlando just adds to their impressive resume ' . Evan Fournier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Nikola Vucevic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 15 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Serge Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Toronto will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks . Orlando ( 9 - 9 ) has now won nine of their last 15 games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Orlando , as he tallied 18 points , six rebounds and two steals on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Nikola Vucevic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 15 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Serge Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Toronto will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Atlanta Hawks .
Jamal Murray was the high - point man in the contest , as he led the Nuggets with 31 points on 10 - of - 25 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from long range , in 38 minutes off the bench . Paul Millsap followed up with 18 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , including 2 - of - 2 from long range , along with eight rebounds and two assists , in 32 minutes . Terrence Ross came up big in 39 minutes off the bench , with 17 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , including 3 - of - 9 from long range , in 32 minutes off the bench . Evan Hernangómez led the way for the Magic with 26 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 6 - of - 10 from long range , along with eight rebounds , four assists , and one block , in 39 minutes . Nikola Vucevic came up big as he finished with 24 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting , including 2 - of - 4 from distance , along with 15 rebounds and four assists , in 34 minutes . Terrence Ross chipped in 17 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench , while Trey Lyles also chipped in 12 points off the bench . Meanwhile , Jamal Murray led the way for Orlando , with 31 points on impressive 10 - of - 25 shooting . Nikola Jokic added 24 points , 15 rebounds and four assists , while Paul Millsap chipped in 18 points , eight rebounds and two assists .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Orlando Magic , 112 - 90 , at Amway Center on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Pacers took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Indiana winning that quarter , 29 - 20 . Shooting was the big difference , with the Pacers shooting 47 percent to the Magic 's 40 percent . Free-throw shooting carried Indiana , as they went 15 - of - 18 in the win . Fastbreak points was a huge difference as well , with the Pacers winning that battle , 160 . The Magic ( 12 - 14 ) had to play this game without Isaiah Thomas and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to pull out the upset win . Nikola Vucevic led the way for Indiana , as he totaled 22 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Aaron Gordon finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , 14 rebounds and four assists . Kyle O'Quinn was huge off the bench , providing 12 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday . The Pacers ( 12 - 14 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Bojan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , dropping 26 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Kyle O'Quinn was a huge spark off the bench , as he totaled 12 points , 10 rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 14 rebounds and four assists . Orlando will host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game on Monday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Chicago Bulls , 97 - 91 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Thursday . Orlando was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Magic pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Magic , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Orlando also took advantage of the whistle , going 18 - of - 23 from the free - throw line . The Bulls ( 6 - 23 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . Zach LaVine led Chicago in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds , five assists and two steals on 10 - of - 18 shooting . D.J . Augustin was second on the team , as he dropped 15 points off the bench . Robin Lopez went 3 - of - 7 from the field to score 11 points and grabbing one boards . Orlando 's next game will be on Saturday , when they take on the San Antonio Spurs . The Magic ( 13 - 15 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , dropping 23 points and 10 rebounds on 11 - of - 21 from the field . Nikola Vucevic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 26 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two steals on 11 - of - 18 shooting . Bobby Portis played well off the bench , collecting 15 points and seven rebounds . The Magic will be off until Saturday , when they host the San Antonio Jazz for their next game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Utah Jazz , 96 - 89 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday . Orlando was expected to win this game easily , but Orlando gave them a run for their money . While there were only two ties and two lead changes , neither team led by more than nine points for the entirety of the second half . Utah were lights - out from the field , as they shot 47 percent from the field and 46 percent from three - point range . They also held Utah to just 31 percent from the field and 24 percent from long range . The Jazz also won the rebounding differential , 48 - 42 . Evan Fournier led the way for Utah , as he tallied 24 points and four steals . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , toting 15 points , 19 rebounds and two blocks . Derrick Favors matched Favors , with 21 points and eight rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Rudy Gobert amassed just six points and 13 rebounds on 2 - of - 6 shooting . Utah 's next game will be on Monday against the San Antonio Spurs . The Jazz ( 14 - 16 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Evan Fournier led the way , as he tallied 24 points and seven rebounds . Terrence Ross was second on the team , providing 19 points and three rebounds off the bench . Ricky Rubio accrued 15 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals . On deck for the Jazz is a home matchup against the San Antonio Rockets on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Orlando Magic , 129 - 90 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , San Antonio were able to prevail with a huge road win . San Antonio really turned it on in the second half , outscoring Orlando , 55 - 35 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with San Antonio recording 29 assists to 11 turnovers , while Orlando committed 11 turnovers to 19 assists . San Antonio shot 38 percent from the field and 39 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with San Antonio winning that battle , 40 - 33 . The Spurs ( 17 - 15 ) had to play this game without Nikola Vucevic and Nikola Vucevic , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Spurs team . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , three rebounds and two steals . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 17 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Bryn Fournier scored 12 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting , while Jonathan Isaac was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 10 points , five rebounds and four assists . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Minnesota Timberwolves . The Magic ( 14 - 16 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . LaMarcus Aldridge continued his fantastic form , as he led the team with 20 points , three rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 9 shooting . DeMar DeRozan finished with 17 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Rudy Gay went just 6 - of - 9 from the field , but finished with 14 points , six rebounds and three assists . Bryn Fournier scored 12 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting . Orlando will look to play better on Friday , when they host the Chicago Bulls for their next game .
The Miami Heat defeated the Orlando Magic , 115 - 91 , at Amway Center on Sunday . While there were only two ties and five lead changes in total , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 11 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Heat going 16 - of - 31 from long range , while the Magic hit just 10 - of - 28 . Rebounding was decisive as well , with Miami winning that battle , 39 - 40 . The Heat also dominated the shooting , hitting 51 percent of their shots to the Magic 's 41 percent . Orlando dominated the rebounding differential , winning that battle , 39 - 40 . The Magic ( 14 - 18 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Orlando just adds to their impressive resume ' . Tyler Johnson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 25 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Justise Richardson was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 22 points , six rebounds , five assists and four steals . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game , as he totaled 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Hassan Whiteside went a perfect 7 - of - 13 from the field to collect 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Orlando will host the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday for their next game .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Orlando Magic , 122 - 120 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . While this game was close in the first half , the Suns stung the Magic in the third quarter to run away with this one . In fact , they outscored Orlando , 28 - 31 in the fourth quarter , as the Magic simply could n't recover from that blow . The Phoenix offense was on point , as they shot 51 percent from the field , 76 percent from the free - throw line and 54 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Suns outscoring the Magic , 36 - 32 . Phoenix did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 13 - of - 17 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a huge factor for the Suns as well , winning that battle , 45 - 32 . The Magic ( 14 - 19 ) had to play this game without Eric DeMarcus Cousins , but they did n't miss a beat . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , tallying 22 points and 13 rebounds on 10 - of - 20 shooting . T.J. Warren finished second on the team , totaling 24 points and four rebounds . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 18 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Phoenix will host the Toronto Raptors on Friday for their next game . The Suns ( 9 - 26 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 7 tries . Nikola Vucevic led the way for Phoenix , as he collected 22 points and 13 rebounds . T.J. Warren finished second on the team , amassing 24 points and four rebounds . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and one block off the bench .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 30 points on 12 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with 19 rebounds , along with eight assists , two steals and one block , in 33 minutes . D.J . Augustin finished with 17 points , six assists and two steals , in 24 minutes off the bench . Aaron Gordon was the only other player to score in double digits for the Magic , as he finished with 9 points , along with eight rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 35 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Kawhi Leonard led the way for the Raptors with 21 points on 7 - of - 19 shooting , including 2 - of - 5 from long range , along with six rebounds , in 29 minutes . Serge Ibaka shot 8 - of - 16 from the field on his way to 17 points , in 31 minutes . The Raptors ' bench was solid , combining for 29 points . D.J . Augustin was the high - point man for Toronto , as he finished with 17 points to go along with six assists , in 35 minutes off the bench . C.J . Miles struggled from the field , finishing with only seven points on 1 - of - 9 shooting . Evan Fournier struggled from the field , going 3 - of - 11 , to go along with seven points , in 32 minutes . Kawhi Leonard was the high - point man for the Raptors , with 21 , to go along with six rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 29 minutes .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Detroit Pistons , 109 - 107 , at Amway Center on Sunday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Magic took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Orlando winning that quarter , 31 - 38 . Defense was key for the Magic , as they held the Pistons to 42 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Magic also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 45 - 51 . Nikola Vucevic led the Detroit starters in scoring , as he totaled 22 points and six rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Reggie Bullock was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , three rebounds and an assist . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday . The Pistons ( 16 - 18 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . D.J . Augustin led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 6 - of - 7 from three - point range . Reggie Bullock was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , three rebounds and four steals . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 22 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 15 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring nine points on 4 - of - 13 shooting . Orlando will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday for their next game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the host Celtics , 105 - 75 , at Amway Center on Saturday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Magic pulled out the wire - to - wire win , as they led by double - digits for the majority of the game . Orlando shot 43 percent from the field , while holding the Celtics to 38 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was the key for the Magic as well , winning that battle , 50 - 28 . Aaron Gordon led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 28 points and six rebounds on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Al Horford recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Evan Fournier was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , three rebounds and five assists . Terrence Ross was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 25 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 16 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup against the Celtics on Monday . Orlando ( 18 - 24 ) have now lost 16 of their last 16 games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Aaron Gordon was the player of the game , as he provided 28 points and 12 rebounds off the bench . Marcus Morris led the starters in scoring , as he accrued 17 points and eight rebounds . Al Horford recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 13 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup with the Celtics on Monday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Houston Rockets , 116 - 109 , at Amway Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Rockets 34 - 21 in the third quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held Houston to 44 percent from the field ( 38 - of - 86 ) and 24 percent from three - point range ( 10 - of - 42 ) . The assist differential was huge as well , with the Magic doubling up the Rockets , 25 - 20 . Orlando also took advantage of the whistle , going 25 - of - 28 from the free - throw line . The Rockets ( 24 - 18 ) have been one of the hottest teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . James Harden continued his barrage , as he led the team with 38 points , nine rebounds and 12 assists . Austin Rivers was second on the team , as he accrued 25 points , one rebound and two assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 10 rebounds . Nene Hilario was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , four rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Orlando will host the Memphis Pistons on Monday for their next game . The Magic ( 24 - 18 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a hungry Orlando team . James Harden was the player of the game , as he collected 38 points , nine rebounds , 12 assists and four steals . Nikola Vucevic was n't far behind , totaling 22 points and nine rebounds . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , amassing 17 points and 10 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 17 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Orlando will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday for their next game .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Orlando Magic , 117 - 115 , at Amway Center on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Nets took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Brooklyn winning that quarter , 29 - 35 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Nets recording 24 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Magic committed 13 turnovers to just 26 assists . Three-point shooting was a big factor as well , with the Nets going 19 - of - 46 , while the Magic went just 10 - of - 26 from long range . The Nets ( 19 - 26 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Aaron Gordon led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and five assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Spencer Dinwiddie was second on the team , dropping 20 points and two rebounds off the bench . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 17 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 13 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Brooklyn will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday for their next game . The Nets ( 24 - 23 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 22nd win in 19 games . Aaron Gordon led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and five assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 17 rebounds . Spencer Dinwiddie was second on the team , amassing 20 points , two rebounds and three assists , Nikola Vucevic led the bench with 16 points , 17 rebounds and three assists . Orlando will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday for their next game .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 33 - 12 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 27 ) 118 - 108 in overtime on Saturday . Milwaukee came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from Brook Lopez to steal a win . The key for the Bucks was the free - throw shooting , as they went 12 - for - 15 , with the Bucks going just 6 - for - 32 . Orlando came into this game as huge underdogs in the second half of a back - to - back and it was clear they did n't have their legs underneath them . The Magic shot 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . Milwaukee has now lost eight of their last eight and they are starting to look like a bad team . The good news is that the defense has been the problem all year and that really was n't the issue today . The Magic will look to bounce - back against the Atlanta Hawks on Monday . The Bucks have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 25 points , 13 rebounds and five assists in the win . Terrence Ross also had a nice game , as he amassed 16 points , two rebounds and two steals in the win . This is a dangerous team in the East going forward and they look like a threat to make the playoffs and possibly win a game in the postseason for the first time in 11 years . They 'll look to keep up this oform against the Dallas Mavericks on Monday in their next game .
The Washington Wizards ( 21 - 27 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 29 ) 95 - 91 on Friday . Washington came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Aaron Gordon was the hero , as he hit a game - winning jumper at the buzzer to seal the win . There were eight ties and 24 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than nine points . The Wizards were unconscious from the field , as they shot 44 percent from the field , 83 percent from the free - throw line and 56 percent from three - point range . The ball movement was huge as well , with the Wizards handing out 24 assists to the Magic ' 24 . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 28 points and nine boards on 12 - of - 17 shooting . Jeff Green was a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 24 points and grabbed six boards . On deck for the Wizards is a matchup with the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday . Orlando has been struggling recently , but this team - win was a great sign . Thomas was the star of the game though , as he tallied 27 points , six rebounds and seven assists in the victory . Aaron Gordon had a nice all - around game though , as he accumulated 22 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Up next for the Wizards is a date with the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Magic , 126 - 100 , at Amway Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 16 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Magic to 32 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 43 - 36 . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 27 points and 11 rebounds on 12 - of - 20 from the field . Russell Westbrook accumulated 23 points , 14 rebounds and 14 assists . Dennis Schroder came off the bench to provide 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . On deck for Magic is a road matchup against the Magic on Friday . The Thunder ( 32 - 18 ) have now lost 19 of their last 16 games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Paul George was the player of the game , as he tallied 37 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals on 14 - of - 24 from the field . Evan Fournier was second on the team , finishing with 17 points , four rebounds and four assists . Nerlens Noel had a nice game off the bench , totaling 12 points , seven rebounds , five steals and five blocks . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup with the Magic on Friday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Indiana Pacers , 107 - 100 , at Amway Center on Thursday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Pacers 27 - 27 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held Indiana to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit nine turnovers . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Orlando winning that battle , 48 - 42 . The Magic also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 13 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 32 - 19 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Myles Turner carried the load for Indiana , as he led the team with 27 points , seven rebounds and three steals on 10 - of - 16 from the field . Thaddeus Young was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jonathan Isaac was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 13 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . Orlando will play the Miami Heat on Saturday for their next game . The Pacers ( 32 - 19 ) have now won nine of their last 15 games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Myles Turner led the way for Indiana , as he tallied 27 points and seven rebounds on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , four rebounds and two assists . Jonathan Isaac was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 13 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . On deck for the Pacers is a road matchup against the Miami Heat on Saturday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 102 - 89 , at Amway Center on Saturday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Magic took care of business in the second half to escape with a win . In fact , the Magic led for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of that stretch . Defense was key for the Magic , as they held the Nets to 36 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Magic also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 50 . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 24 points and 12 rebounds on 12 - of - 22 shooting . Evan Fournier finished second on the team with 16 points , three rebounds and four assists . Jonathan Isaac was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 10 points , 12 rebounds , two assists , three steals and three blocks . Shabazz Napier led the way for Brooklyn , as he dropped 15 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Ed Davis recorded a double - double off the bench , providing 11 points and 16 rebounds . On deck for the Nets is a road matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday . Orlando ( 22 - 31 ) had lost seven - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Nikola Vucevic made his return from a back injury to drop 24 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and three blocks off the bench . Evan Fournier also scored 16 points , adding three rebounds and four assists to his tally . Evan Fournier accumulated 16 points , three rebounds and four assists . Ed Davis recorded a double - double off the bench , amassing 11 points and 16 rebounds .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 122 - 112 , at Amway Center on Thursday . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in this game , it was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 19 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Magic going 11 - of - 26 and the Timberwolves hitting 10 - of - 26 . Minnesota also dominated the shooting , hitting 54 percent of their shots to Minnesota 's 46 percent . The Magic also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding battle , 41 - 43 . The Magic ( 25 - 29 ) have now lost 12 of their last 13 games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for Minnesota , as he tallied 27 points and 11 rebounds on 12 - of - 16 from the field . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , totaling 23 points , nine rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocks . Nikola Vucevic was a huge spark off the bench , as he totaled 21 points , six rebounds and three assists . Taj Gibson was the only other Minnesota player in double figures , as he totaled 10 points and four rebounds . Orlando 's next game is on Saturday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Bucks . Orlando ( 25 - 29 ) desperately needed this win with their playoff hopes slimming and this win showed some serious resiliency . Karl-Anthony Towns was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , 11 rebounds and five assists on 12 - of - 16 shooting . Andrew Wiggins finished second on the team with 23 points , nine rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocks . Evan Fournier amassed 18 points and two rebounds . Dario Saric provided 17 points and eight rebounds . Orlando will play the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday for their next game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 127 - 89 , in overtime Thursday at Amway Center . The Magic ( 27 - 32 ) came into Thursday 's contest on the second night of a back - to - back after suffering a 128 - 120 loss to the Cavaliers on Tuesday . Terrence Ross ( back ) made his return to the starting lineup after missing three games , and he was moved into the starting lineup in his stead . Ross finished with 21 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting in 21 minutes off the bench . It was the first time since Feb. 13 that he failed to reach double figures in scoring . The Hornets were led by Terrence Ross , who scored a team - high 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting in 24 minutes off the bench . In the end , six different Orlando players managed to score in double figures as the team shot the lights out Thursday night . As a team , the Magic shot 52 percent from the field and 44 percent from three , while the Magic shot just 35 percent from the field and 13 percent from behind the arc . As for the Hornets ( 27 - 30 ) , the loss ends a brief two - game winning streak for the team . For the Hornets , they continue to struggle , as they have now won two in a row after a four - game losing streak . They were also led by the duo of Kemba Walker and Nikola Vucevic , as they combined for 73 points on the night . Ross finished with 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting to go along with a rebound and two assists . Vucevic , on the other hand , scored 15 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting to go along with 11 rebounds , as he continues to be one of the hottest players for the Hornets all season .
The Chicago Bulls ( 15 - 44 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 33 ) 110 - 109 on Friday . Chicago came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Chicago was their shooting , as they shot 44 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as Chicago recorded 18 assists to the Magic 25 . Orlando has n't been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Robin Lopez had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 18 points , six rebounds , three steals and three blocks in the win . Zach LaVine also played well , as he amassed 22 points , six assists and four rebounds in the victory . The Bulls shot 44 percent from the field , while holding the Magic to just 51 percent shooting . Orlando came into this game as a huge underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Evan Fournier was the player of the game , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and five assists in the win . Robin Lopez also had a nice game , as he amassed 18 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Otto Porter also had a nice game , as he amassed 17 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Bulls will look to keep this momentum going against the Boston Celtics on Sunday . The Magic did n't have their best game here , but they got back on track . They were led by a fantastic double - double from Lauri guard Lauri Lauri . Markkanen Lauri scored 25 points in the fourth quarter and Markkanen a defensive - line and playing this game in a big way . Orlando is now on a four - game losing streak and will look to get back to their winning ways on Saturday against the Boston Celtics .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Golden State Warriors , 103 - 96 , at Amway Center on Thursday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 12 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Magic going 11 - of - 31 and the Warriors hitting just 9 - of - 40 from long distance . Aaron Gordon was the player of the game , as he dropped a career - high 22 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting , while adding a career - high 15 rebounds . Klay Thompson was second on the team , as he scored 21 points on 9 - of - 23 shooting . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks . Stephen Curry led Orlando in scoring , as he accumulated 33 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 21 points and three rebounds . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 13 rebounds and six assists . Terrence Ross was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting . Orlando ( 29 - 34 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Stephen Curry led the way , as he tallied 33 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 21 points and three rebounds . Nikola Vucevic collected 12 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two blocks . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 13 rebounds and six assists . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 12 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks .
The Orlando Magic ( 31 - 36 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 38 ) 111 - 106 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Dallas , as they shot 47 percent from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as the Magic recorded 48 rebounds to the Mavericks 42 . The Mavericks also shot 48 percent from the field , while holding the Mavericks to 47 percent shooting . Dallas came into this game as a 19 - point underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Terrence Dončić was the lone bright spot off the bench , as he scored 22 points and grabbed eight boards . Up next for Orlando is a matchup with the Houston Rockets on Sunday . Orlando has been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their recent form . Nikola Vucevic had one of the best games of his career , as he scored 20 points and grabbed 13 rebounds in the win . Nikola Vucevic also played well , as he amassed 20 points , 13 rebounds and six assists in the defeat . The Mavericks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Houston Rockets on Sunday in their next game . The Magic have been playing some great ball as of late , but this was a tough task against a feisty Orlando team . Dirk Nowitzki was the star of the show , as he tallied 15 points , six rebounds and two steals in the loss . No other player scored more than 22 points in the loss and that 's a good indication of how deep this Magic team can be . They 'll look to build off this win when they take on the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday .
The Orlando Magic ( 32 - 38 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 17 - 52 ) 120 - 91 on Thursday at the Amway Center in Orlando . After ending the third quarter down 82 - 100 , the Magic went off in the fourth quarter , out - scoring the Cavaliers 32 - 28 to seal the victory in front of their home crowd . The Magic were the superior shooters in this one , going 48 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went just 41 percent from the floor and 23 percent from beyond the arc . The Magic were able to force the Celitcs into 15 turnovers , giving them an even greater advantage to take home the victory . The Magic had six players reach double figures in points in this one . Aaron Gordon led the Magic , as he went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also grabbing six rebounds . It was a season - high in points for Gordon , who had n't reached the 10 - point mark yet this season . Nikola Vucevic also had a strong showing , finishing with 19 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) and 11 rebounds in 26 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 21 rebounds over his last two games . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday , while the Cavaliers will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday .
The Orlando Magic ( 33 - 38 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 24 - 47 ) 101 - 91 on Sunday . The Magic came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Nikola Vucevic led the way for Orlando , as he tallied a game - high 27 points , 20 rebounds and three assists in the win . This marks Orlando 's third loss in their last six games and they continue to be one of the hottest teams in the NBA . Nikola Vucevic was a huge bright spot in this game , as he tallied 27 points and 20 rebounds in the win . Aaron Gordon also played well , as he amassed 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . Orlando has a quick turnaround , as they play the New Orleans Rockets on Tuesday in their next game . Orlando has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Nikola Vucevic had one of his best games of his career , as he collected 27 points , 20 rebounds and three assists . Aaron Gordon had one of his best games of the season as well , as he amassed 22 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Aaron Gordon had a nice game off the bench , as he amassed 22 points and three assists . The Hawks will look to bounce back on Tuesday against the Houston Rockets in their next game . Orlando has been blitzing teams at home all season and they did just that on Sunday . What really changed the offense was the rebounding , as they held the Hawks to 42 percent shooting and forced them to commit 18 turnovers . The Magic came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . Nikola Vucevic had a double - double , as he scored 27 points and grabbed 20 rebounds in the win . Aaron Gordon also had a nice game off the bench , as he contributed 22 points , eight rebounds and three assists in the defeat . The Hawks will look to keep this momentum going against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 119 - 96 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Pelicans 47 - 21 in the third quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held New Orleans to 37 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range , while Orlando shot 37 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans ( 31 - 43 ) are trying to get back to the eight - seed in the west , but this loss is devastating for pursuit . Stanley Johnson led the load for New Orleans , as he tallied 18 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Aaron Gordon went just 7 - of - 15 from the field , but finished second on the team with 20 points and seven rebounds . Nikola Vucevic was the only other starter with more than eight points , as he totaled 15 points , five rebounds and four assists . Stanley Johnson was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points and four rebounds . The Magic ( 31 - 38 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . Evan Fournier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points , five rebounds and three assists . Frank Ross was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , four rebounds and three assists off the bench . Terrence Ross led the bench with 19 points and seven rebounds , while Jonathan Isaac , Jonathan Isaac and Jonathan Isaac all scored at least eight points off the bench as well . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Sunday .
The Orlando Magic ( 35 - 38 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 29 - 43 ) 123 - 119 on Friday . The contest was a tale of two halves , with Memphis opening up a 33 - 33 lead after one quarter and never looking back . The Magic were led by a pair of 29 - point efforts from the starting five and second - year big man Jonas Valanciunas , who posted a 23 - point , 24 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and four blocks . Evan Fournier was next with a bench - leading 27 points , which he supplemented with eight assists and eight rebounds . Nikola Vucevic was next with a near double - double , totaling 25 points , four boards , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Chandler Parsons was next with a productive stat line of 17 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . Delon Wright led the bench with 12 points , eight assists , seven rebounds , a steal and a block . The Magic remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday . Memphis was led by Terrence Ross 's 31 points off the bench , which he complemented with seven rebounds and a steal . Jonas Valanciunas was right behind him with a 25 - point , 22 - rebound double - double that also featured three assists and two blocks . Chandler Parsons was next with 17 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . Delon Wright led the bench with 12 points , eight assists , seven rebounds , a steal and a block . The Magic remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 're home again on Monday night to face off with the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Orlando Magic ( 36 - 38 ) defeated the visiting Philadelphia 76ers ( 47 - 27 ) 119 - 98 , Monday evening at Amway Center . The Magic came out of halftime on a mission and out-scored the 76ers 78 - 65 in the first half . The Magic shot 52 percent from the field and 78 percent from the three - point line , while the 76ers shot 49 percent from the floor and only 6 - of - 23 from long range . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic in scoring with 28 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , to go along with 11 rebounds and four assists , in 28 minutes . Evan Fournier was second on the team in scoring with 24 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , along with seven assists , two steals and two steals , in 31 minutes . Jimmy Butler had a solid 13 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , six rebounds , seven assists , one steal and one block , in 32 minutes . Michael Carter-Williams was solid in 29 minutes off the bench , finishing with 15 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block , in 19 minutes . Orlando gave up a troublesome 15 turnovers , leading to 35 assists on 45 field goals . Joel Embiid led the way with a game - high 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) , 10 rebounds and two assists , in 30 minutes , while Evan Fournier chipped in 24 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and zero assists , in 19 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Sixers was Shake Jimmy Butler , who finished with 13 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with seven assists , six rebounds , one steal and one block , in 36 minutes . The 76ers will have a couple days rest before they host the Nets on Thursday . The Magic will have a few days rest before they host the Heat on Thursday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the New York Knicks , 114 - 100 , at Amway Center on Wednesday evening . The Magic ( 39 - 40 ) checked into Wednesday 's contest playing outstanding basketball , as they 'd notched victories in 14 of their previous 13 games . Nevertheless , they faced a formidable challenge in the top - seeded Knicks ( 15 - 63 ) , who 'd lost only two of their last 19 games . Orlando made sure they took care of business against the struggling Knicks ( 15 - 63 ) , with already clinched a playoff berth with a victory over the Knicks ( 15 - 63 ) on the road . Mario Hezonja was the high - point man for the Knicks ( 15 - 40 ) , collecting 29 points and adding nine assists , nine rebounds and two steals . Kevin Knox provided a solid 21 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3PT , 4 - 4 FT ) , four rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block in 34 minutes off the bench . Evan Fournier contributed 19 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , four rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block in 35 minutes . Emmanuel Mudiay contributed 13 points ( 3 - 13 FG , 1 - 5 3PT , 6 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds , two steals and one assist in a team - high 38 minutes . The Magic travel to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Friday . The Knicks head back home to host the Rockets on Friday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 149 - 113 , at Amway Center on Friday . Atlanta were expected to win this game easily , but Atlanta had other ideas . They actually led for the majority of the game , as Atlanta 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the fourth quarter . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Magic hitting 61 percent of their shots to Atlanta 's 44 percent . The three three - point shooting was that the difference in the game as well , with the Magic going 18 - of - 37 , while the Hawks went 10 - of - 39 . The Hawks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 11 more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Hawks ( 40 - 40 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . John Collins led the team in scoring , as he provided 20 points , six rebounds and one assist on 8 - of - 18 shooting . No other player on the roster had more than 18 points , five rebounds or six assists . Terrence Ross led the team in scoring , as he dropped 25 points on 8 - of - 13 from three - point range . Aaron Gordon recorded a 10 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . Aaron Gordon recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 10 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists . On deck for the Hawks is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday . The Magic ( 40 - 40 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . John Collins led the team in scoring , as he provided 20 points , six rebounds and one assist on 8 - of - 18 shooting .
Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the winners , as he poured in 31 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with five rebounds , two assists and one block , in 31 minutes . Jeff Teague followed up with 22 points , nine assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 32 minutes . J.J. Barea came up big with 12 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting , to go along with three assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 21 minutes . Meanwhile , Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the Timberwolves with 31 points and five rebounds , in 33 minutes . Derrick Teague followed up with 28 points , to go along with five assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 32 minutes . Meanwhile , Dwight Jordan chipped in 22 points on 8 - of - 7 shooting , while Wesley Matthews added 19 points on 7 - of - 19 shooting . The only other player to score in double digits for the T-Wolves was Wesley Matthews , who finished with 19 points on 7 - of - 19 shooting , including 4 - of - 11 from deep . The only other player to score in double figures for Minnesota was Dennis Schroder , who chipped in 19 points on 11 - of - 21 shooting , including 2 - of - 5 from deep , in 36 minutes off the bench . The Timberwolves shot 14 - of - 27 from long range and 52 percent from the field over the first two quarters .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 34 points , on 11 - of - 15 shooting , including 5 - of - 7 from long range , along with three rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block , in 17 minutes . Jabari Parker was the next highest scorer for the Bulls , with 20 points , to go along with three rebounds , one assist and one block , in 24 minutes . Justin Holiday followed up with 16 points , while Dorian Finney-Smith added 12 points , five rebounds , two steals and one assist , in 39 minutes off the bench . Zach Dunn led the way for Chicago , with 34 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting , to go along with two assists , three rebounds , two steals and one block , in 30 minutes . Jabari Parker chipped in 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , in 24 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Chicago was Justin Holiday , who chipped in 16 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting , including 4 - of - 6 from long range , in 36 minutes off the bench . This marks the second straight loss for the Bulls , who will look to bounce back , as they play host to the Hornets on Wednesday . Meanwhile , the Bulls ( 0 - 3 ) came into this game averaging 108 points per game on the season but were stopped in their tracks by a stubborn , veteran Dallas Bulls .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Mavericks , 113 - 100 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Jazz were able to prevail with a huge road win . The Jazz offense was especially good , as they shot 52 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Jazz also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 46 - 36 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 33 . The Mavericks ( 36 - 36 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Dennis Schroeder did all he could for Dallas , as he led the team with 27 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting . DeAndre Jordan finished with 12 points , 19 rebounds and nine assists . Georges was n't far behind , accumulating 15 points , six rebounds and an assist . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 12 - point , 19 - rebound double - double . On deck for the Mavericks is a home matchup against the Mavericks on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 4 - 2 ) had a tough task here without Rudy Gobert and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Jazz team . Rudy Gobert was the player of the game , as he totaled 23 points and 16 rebounds on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Jae Crowder was second on the team , with his 15 points , six rebounds and two steals . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 12 - point , 19 - rebound double - double . DeAndre Jordan totaled a 12 - point , 19 - rebound double - double .
The New York Knicks defeated the Dallas Mavericks 118 - 106 Friday at American Airlines Center . The Knicks ( 3 - 6 ) came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge win . Dennis Schroder led the way for New York , as he scored a game - high 23 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting . The Knicks shot 55 percent from the field , while holding the Mavericks to just 49 percent shooting . Defense was key for the Knicks , as they held the Mavericks to 49 percent from the field , 38 percent from three - point range and 62 percent from the free - throw line . The Knicks also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 40 - 40 . The Knicks ( 2 - 7 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting off the bench . Dorian Finney-Smith led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 19 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Luka players on the other hand went just 14 - of - 14 from the field . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the bench in scoring , as he provided 18 points , six rebounds and three assists . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Washington Wizards . The Mavericks ( 2 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Dennis Schroeder led the team in scoring , tallying 23 points and four steals . Tim Hardaway Jr. finished with 18 points , six rebounds and three assists . Luka on deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Tuesday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the host Washington Wizards , 119 - 100 , at American Airlines Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two inept offenses , the Mavericks were able to prevail with a much - needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Mavericks outscored the Wizards 17 - 22 in the fourth quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Mavericks recording 25 assists to 17 turnovers , while the Wizards committed 10 turnovers to 27 assists . Dallas had one of their best offensive games of the season in a blowout , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 50 - 32 . Dallas ( 2 - 8 ) has now lost five - straight games , as they continue to disappoint . John Wall was the player of the game , as he tallied 24 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Bradley Beal was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , six rebounds and four assists . Dennis Schroder finished with 19 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Dwight Howard played well against his former team , totaling eight points , 11 rebounds and three assists . The Wizards will be in action again on Friday in a road matchup against the Orlando Magic . The Mavericks ( 3 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . John Wall led the team in scoring , as he tallied 24 points , four rebounds , 10 assists and three steals on 8 - of - 20 shooting . Bradley Beal was second on the team , with his 19 points , six rebounds and four assists . Harrison Barnes was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 19 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Utah Jazz .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 111 - 96 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 38 minutes of action . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Dallas recording 31 assists to 16 turnovers , while Oklahoma City committed 16 turnovers to just 17 assists . The Mavericks ( 4 - 8 ) were expected to win this game rather easily , but they did a good job of hanging around against a potent Dallas attack . Steven Adams was the only starter to play well , as he totaled 20 points and 13 rebounds in the defeat . Steven Adams led the team in scoring , dropping 20 points and 13 rebounds on 8 - of - 11 from the field . Dennis Schroeder was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 19 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals . J.J. Barea was a nice spark off the bench , providing 21 points , three rebounds and five assists . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Chicago Bulls . The Thunder ( 7 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Luka in the effort was Paul George , who tallied 20 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two steals , with George finished with 20 points , 13 rebounds and six assists . J.J. Barea was a nice spark off the bench too , providing 21 points , five rebounds and five assists . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Chicago Bulls .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the host Mavericks Jazz , 118 - 50 , at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . Despite the Jazz leading for the majority of the first half , they really fell apart in the middle quarters . In fact , Dallas won the second and third quarters , 61 - 38 to eventually pull away and win by 24 . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Mavericks to 38 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Luka that , while committing six less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 6 - 8 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Ricky Rubio continued his good form though , leading the team with 11 points , three assists and four steals . Rudy Gobert was the only other player with more than 13 points , as he accrued 10 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . Utah will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Golden State Warriors . The Mavericks ( 7 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Harrison Barnes led the Mavericks , as he tallied 19 points , four rebounds and two assists . Rudy Gobert finished second on the team , totaling 10 points and 11 rebounds . J.J. Barea was a nice spark off the bench too , providing 14 points , five assists and four steals . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Golden State Warriors .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the host Warriors , 112 - 100 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . In a battle between two inept offenses , the Mavericks were able to prevail with a much - needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Mavericks outscored the Warriors 30 - 13 in the fourth quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Dallas recording 18 assists to 10 turnovers , while the Warriors committed 18 turnovers to just 24 assists . The Mavericks ( 7 - 8 ) continue to fly under the radar and they may have pulled out their biggest win of the season against the Warriors here . Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 32 points on 11 - of - 24 shooting . Harrison Barnes was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 23 points and eight rebounds . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 13 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . J.J. Barea was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . On deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday . The Warriors ( 18 - 18 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to disappoint playoff contenders . Durant was the star , as he led the team with 24 points , nine rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 20 from the field . Harrison Barnes finished second on the team , totaling 23 points and eight rebounds on 7 - of - 14 from the field . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 10 rebounds and a block . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the San Antonio Grizzlies on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 119 - 113 , at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Dallas were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Nets , 68 - 32 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Nets to 45 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Brooklyn , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 8 - 9 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points and five rebounds on 10 - of - 20 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 14 rebounds . D'Angelo Russell was just as good , accumulating 17 points , five rebounds and four assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Dallas will host the Minnesota Timberwolves for their next game on Friday . The Nets ( 8 - 11 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Allen Crabbe led the way , as he dropped a career - high 27 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting . DeAndre Jordan was equally as good , as he collected 12 points , 14 rebounds and three assists . Luka on deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Boston Celtics , 113 - 104 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . The Mavericks ( 10 - 9 ) came in to Saturday riding high off a surprise home victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday night , but they were a markedly different team on the second night of the back - to - back set . As a team , Dallas shot 48 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 17 turnovers . J.J. Barea led the way for Dallas with a 20 - point , 4 - assist effort that also included three rebounds and two assists . Harrison Barnes followed with 20 points , three rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . DeAndre Jordan followed with a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one steal . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 16 points , five boards , one steal and one block . Marcus Morris was the only other member of the first unit with double digits in the scoring column , as he supplied 13 points , five boards , two assists and one steal . Al Horford generated a full stat line of eight points , eight rebounds , one assist and one steal . DeAndre Jordan led the way for the home team with 14 points , 13 rebounds , three assists and one steal . Marcus Smart led the bench with 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and one steal . DeAndre Jordan posted a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one steal . Dorian Finney-Smith led the bench with 19 points , two assists , two rebounds and one steal . DeAndre Jordan posted a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one steal . Devin Harris led the bench with nine points , four rebounds , one assist and two steals . The Celtics head back home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday evening , while the Mavericks head to the Lone Star State for a Wednesday evening date with the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 114 - 110 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Clippers to 44 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Clippers ( 11 - 10 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Clippers is just what they need to get going . Harrison Barnes led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 30 points , nine rebounds and two steals . Danilo Gallinari finished with 21 points and six rebounds . Tobias Harris accrued 15 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Tobias Harris totaled 15 points , five rebounds and four assists . On deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . The Mavericks ( 11 - 10 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Harrison Barnes led the way in scoring , as he tallied 30 points and nine rebounds on 11 - of - 28 shooting . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , as he scored 21 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Danilo Gallinari went just 7 - of - 16 from the field , but finished second on the team with 21 points . DeAndre Jordan totaled 16 points and 23 rebounds en route to a double - double .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 111 - 102 , at American Airlines Center on Tuesday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 44 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Mavericks , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Dallas also dominated the shooting , hitting 43 percent of their shots , while holding Portland to just 45 percent . The Mavericks ( 13 - 11 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Mavericks is just what the doctor ordered . Damian Lillard did all he could for Portland , as he led the team with 33 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , totaling 18 points , three rebounds and four assists . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 12 - point , 16 - rebound double - double . On deck for Portland is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday . The Mavericks ( 12 - 10 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Damian Lillard carried the load , as he tallied 33 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and two blocks . C.J . McCollum finished with 18 points , three rebounds and four assists . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a double - double of his own off the bench , totaling 12 points and 13 rebounds .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Houston Rockets , 107 - 104 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Rockets to 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Mavericks recording 21 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Rockets committed 12 turnovers to 20 assists . Wesley Matthews led the Mavericks in scoring , as he scored 21 points on 6 - of - 7 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he tallied 23 points , two rebounds and eight assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 13 rebounds . James Ennis III started and accumulated 10 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday . The Mavericks ( 13 - 11 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Wesley Matthews led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 13 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 20 rebounds and two steals . Eric Gordon finished second on the team in scoring , dropping 12 points off the bench . James Ennis III started for Wall and finished with 10 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Orlando Magic , 101 - 76 , at American Airlines Center on Monday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 18 minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Magic to 36 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 11 more assists than Orlando , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 14 - 11 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Magic is just what the doctor ordered . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , as he dropped 19 points and five rebounds on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and four rebounds on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Dwight Powell went a perfect 7 - of - 12 from the field , but finished with 16 points and four rebounds . Dallas 's next game is on Wednesday , when they play the Chicago Bulls on the road . Dallas ( 14 - 11 ) has been playing their best ball of the season recently and this win only adds to that success . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , tallying 19 points and five rebounds on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 16 points , four rebounds and four steals on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide eight points , 16 rebounds and four assists . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and four rebounds . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 114 - 107 , at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Hawks to 46 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 15 - 11 ) have been playing much better on the offensive end recently and this performance only adds to those numbers . John Collins was the player of the game , as he tallied 20 points , 17 rebounds and one assist on 10 - of - 22 shooting . Kent Bazemore was second on the team , as he scored 22 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . The Mavericks ( 6 - 21 ) have struggled on defense all season and a date with the Mavericks is the last thing they wanted to see . Harrison Barnes led Atlanta in scoring , as he dropped 25 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting . John Collins was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 20 points and 17 rebounds on 10 - of - 22 shooting . Kent Bazemore was the only other starter in double figures , dropping 22 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Dallas Mavericks , 120 - 113 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . In a battle between two inept offenses , the Kings were able to prevail with a much - needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Kings outscored the Mavericks 27 - 30 in the third quarter . Defense was key for Sacramento , as they held Dallas to 42 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Kings also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 47 - 37 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 35 . The Mavericks ( 15 - 13 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . De'Aaron in the lineup , there was Buddy Hield leading the team , as he scored a season - high 28 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting . Harrison Barnes was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and two rebounds . Nemanja Bjelica recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds and four blocks . Nemanja Bjelica provided 15 points and 10 rebounds of his own off the bench . On deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Monday . The Kings ( 15 - 13 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to disappoint playoff contenders . Hield was the star , as he scored a game - high 28 points to go along with four rebounds and five assists . Harrison Barnes was second on the team , finishing with 15 points and two rebounds . Nemanja Bjelica recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points , 10 rebounds and four blocks . Nemanja Bjelica provided 15 points and 10 rebounds of his own off the bench . On deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 122 - 119 , in overtime at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows exactly which direction . The Mavericks ( 16 - 17 ) were in control for the majority of the game , as they held the lead for the final 32 minutes . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Mavericks winning that battle , 46 - 39 . They also dominated the shooting , hitting 48 percent of their shots , while holding the Pelicans to just 47 percent . New Orleans ( 15 - 20 ) has riden the back the back of Anthony Davis all season long and they did that yet again here . Davis finished the game with 32 points , 18 rebounds and two assists on 14 - of - 26 shooting . Julius Randle was second on the team , as he accrued 23 points , four rebounds and three assists . J.J. Barea was a huge spark off the bench , providing 18 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Dallas will host the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday for their next game . The Mavericks ( 16 - 17 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Anthony Davis continued his amazing form , as he led the team with 32 points , 18 rebounds and two steals on 14 - of - 26 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , as he accrued 25 points , five rebounds and six assists in the win . Harrison Barnes and Devin Harris were the only other Mavericks players in double figures , as they scored 18 points a piece . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 105 - 103 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Thunder to 43 percent from the field and 24 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 17 - 18 ) have been playing much better on the offensive end recently and this performance only adds to those numbers . DeAndre Jordan was the player of the game , as he totaled 12 points and 11 rebounds on 4 - of - 6 shooting from the field and 4 - of - 6 from the free - throw line . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , dropping 19 points and four rebounds on 9 - of - 19 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 12 - point , 17 - rebound double - double . Harrison Barnes dropped 16 points , while adding six rebounds and two steals to his tally . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 17 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Mavericks is a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday . The Thunder ( 22 - 13 ) have now lost four of their last five , as they continue to disappoint playoff contenders . George George was the player of the game , as he accumulated 36 points , five rebounds , two steals and two steals on 12 - of - 24 from the field . DeAndre Jordan finished second on the team , totaling 12 points , 17 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Dennis Schroeder was just as good , amassing 14 points , four rebounds and an assist .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Dallas Mavericks 107 - 97 Monday at American Airlines Center . The Lakers ( 22 - 19 ) held a comfortable 12 - points lead headed into halftime and looked to be well on their way to their third straight victory . However , a run in the third quarter from the Mavericks ( 18 - 22 ) brought them to within one and made it a game . But that competitiveness lasted just 13 minutes , as Los Angeles was able to rattle off their comeback win against a struggling Mavericks ( 18 - 22 ) squad . All five starters scored in double digits for the Mavericks , led by Brandon Ingram , who scored a game - high 29 points , on 12 - of - 21 shooting from the field and 2 - of - 0 shooting from behind the arc . For the Mavericks , it was a night to forget , as the team shot just 42 percent from the field and made eight of their 29 three - point attempts . Brandon Ingram led the way with a career - high 29 points , while DeAndre Jordan added a double - double of 10 points and 19 rebounds . For the Mavericks , they 'll continue their road trip against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will play in their first game when they face the Detroit Pistons at home on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will host the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday in Nerlens Noel 's first game in eight days off before they face the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 19 - 22 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 10 - 33 ) 104 - 94 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Mavericks got off to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Suns 26 - 26 in the first quarter alone . The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game , going 43 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 43 percent from the floor and 28 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Mavericks also secured a 42 - 37 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Luka T.J. Warren and Harrison Barnes . Warren went 7 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding seven rebounds . He 's now averaging 17 points and 8 rebounds on the season . Jackson , on the other hand , went 7 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding three assists . He 's combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big reason for the Mavericks recent success . Harrison Barnes was the other starter to reach double - digit points , as he recorded 17 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 1 - 8 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) , four rebounds and two steals in 34 minutes . The only other Pelican to reach double figures in points was Richaun Holmes , who contributed 16 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) and six rebounds in 27 minutes . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday , while the Suns will travel to Denver to play the Nuggets on Saturday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Dallas Mavericks , 119 - 114 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . In a battle between two inept offenses , the Warriors were able to prevail with a much - needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Warriors outscored the Mavericks 27 - 26 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Golden State , as they held Dallas to 42 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Dallas , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 29 - 14 ) have now lost 11 of their last 8 games , as they continue to revive their season . Stephen Curry led the team in scoring , collecting 48 points , six rebounds and five assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , scoring 16 points on 7 - for - 20 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 13 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . Harrison Barnes scored 22 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Golden State will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs . Dallas ( 20 - 14 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Stephen Curry led Dallas , as he accumulated 48 points , six rebounds , five assists and two blocks . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , dropping 16 points . DeAndre Jordan totaled 13 points and 14 rebounds en route to a double - double . Harrison Barnes finished the game with 22 points and four rebounds . Dallas will host the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday for their next game .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 26 - 20 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 20 - 24 ) 105 - 101 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Spurs got off to a quick start Wednesday , out - scoring the Mavericks 20 - 35 in the first quarter alone . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went just 43 percent from the floor and 36 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were able to force the Celitcs into 16 turnovers , giving them an even greater advantage to take home the victory . The Spurs were led by Luka bench , who went 10 - for - 21 from the floor and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 25 points , while also adding eight rebounds and eight assists . He continues to be one of the more consistent players on this team , as he 's averaged 30 points , 4 rebounds and 5 assists over his last three games . Luka Wesley Matthews and Rudy Gay did everything they could to keep the Mavericks in this game . DeRozan went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 14 points , while also adding nine assists . He 's combined for 36 points and eight assists over his last two games , moving his season averages to 11 points and 1 assists over 4 games with the Mavericks . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Saturday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 106 - 98 , at American Airlines Center on Tuesday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Clippers to 36 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 21 - 26 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as their playoff hopes are swiftly floating away . Harrison Barnes led the way for Dallas , as he dropped a career - high 20 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Dennis Schroeder was n't far behind , finishing with 17 points , nine rebounds and three assists of his own . DeAndre Jordan recorded a 13 - point , 16 - rebound double - double . Luka DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 16 rebounds and four blocks . Lou Williams was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting . The Mavericks will host the Miami Heat on Wednesday for their next game . The Mavericks ( 25 - 26 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 28 games at home . Harrison Barnes led the way for Dallas , as he dropped 16 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 16 rebounds , four assists and four blocks . Lou Williams led the bench in scoring , dropping 15 points to go along with his eight assists . The Clippers will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Miami Heat .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 22 - 26 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 27 ) 106 - 101 on Friday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Mavericks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Pistons held the Pistons to 41 percent shooting and a dreadful 14 percent from three - point range . Dallas also dominated down low , as they lost the rebounding battle 46 - 46 and outscored the Pistons in the paint , 56 - 16 . The Pistons ( 21 - 26 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Blake Griffin continued his fantastic form , as he led the team with 35 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the win . DeAndre Jordan controlled the rebounding , as he snatched down 11 rebounds in the victory . Reggie Jackson had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 12 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Up next for the Mavericks is a matchup with the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday . Dallas has been using a different lineup recently and it 's unclear if it 's paying any dividends . Blake Griffin had one of his best games of the season though , as he collected 35 points and seven rebounds in the win . Dennis Schroder flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 19 points , five rebounds and nine assists . Up next for the Mavericks is a matchup with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 123 - 120 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . The Raptors ( 37 - 15 ) came in to Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Raptors ( 22 - 27 ) , despite plenty of offensive prowess , had been a complete sieve on defense . Toronto exploited the opportunity to its fullest potential , with six players hitting double digits in the scoring column . The Raptors also shot 45 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , and also committed 11 turnovers . Kawhi Leonard led the way for the visitors with 33 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Kyle Lowry filled out the stat sheet with 19 points , five rebounds , nine assists , two blocks and one steal . Serge Ibaka posted a 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two blocks and one steal . Danny Green matched Ibaka 's scoring total and added seven rebounds , one assist and two steals . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 13 points , six assists and one rebound . Danny Green was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , seven boards , one assist and two steals . Kawhi Leonard paced the Raptors with a game - high 33 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds and three assists . Harrison Barnes followed with 14 points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 13 points , six rebounds and six assists , while Dennis Schroder was next with 13 points , six assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block . DeAndre Jordan mustered a modest 11 points but hauled in nine rebounds and dished out two assists . The Mavericks head back home to take on the New York Knicks on Thursday night , while the Raptors head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday evening .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 99 - 93 , at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . The Mavericks ( 25 - 28 ) came into Wednesday 's contest looking to keep their faint playoff hopes alive and to complete a season sweep of the Hornets ( 26 - 28 ) . Given that they 'd blasted Charlotte by 36 points in the first half , the Mavericks ( 25 - 28 ) hung tough , with a 22 - point margin that was led by the end of the first quarter . Charlotte was led by a pair of 19 - point efforts from Dorian Finney-Smith and Luka , with the former adding two assists and a steal , and the latter posting 10 rebounds and two assists . Nicolas Batum was the only other member of the starting five to manage triple - digit scoring , supplying 14 points , two rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet nicely with a near triple - double consisting of 14 points , hauling in 2 boards , dishing out five assists and recording a pair of blocks and a steal . The Mavs were paced by Kemba Walker , who tallied 30 points , six rebounds , six assists and two steals . Nicolas Batum followed with 14 points , five assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Tim Hardaway , Jr. followed with a bench - leading 12 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Harrison Barnes was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , three rebounds and one assist . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with a game - high 30 points , which he supplemented with six assists , 11 rebounds and two steals . Jeremy Lamb followed with 15 points , five rebounds and two steals . Dwight Powell posted a near double - double off the bench with 11 points , 12 boards , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Cody Zeller produced nine points , 13 rebounds , one assist and one steal . Dirk Nowitzki paced the second unit with 14 points , two rebounds , two assists , two blocks and one steal . Jeremy Lamb was also productive in a reserve role , supplying 10 points , three rebounds and one assist . The Mavs head back home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday evening , while the Hornets remain home to tangle with the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Dallas Mavericks 122 - 107 at American Airlines Center on Friday . The Bucks ( 41 - 13 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They shot 41 percent from the field and only 22 percent from three - point range . All five starters scored in double digits for Milwaukee , led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who finished with 29 points , along with 16 rebounds , five assists and one block , in 36 minutes . Trey Burke followed up with 18 points , five rebounds and five assists , while Eric Bledsoe chipped in 18 points , five rebounds and five assists , in his second game back from a hamstring injury . Brook Lopez led Dallas in scoring with 20 points , to go along with six rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes . Rookie Trey Burke chipped in 18 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting , including 3 - of - 5 from long range , in 26 minutes off the bench . The Bucks shot 55 percent from the field , while holding the Mavericks to only 41 percent . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the high - point man for the Bucks , with 29 , while Trey Burke chipped in 18 , to go along with five assists and five rebounds . Dirk Nowitzki struggled shooting , going 2 - of - 9 from the field on his way to six points , in 17 minutes . The Mavericks will look to get back on track as they play host to the Trail Blazers on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 102 - 101 , at American Airlines Center on Sunday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Mavericks pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 82 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Mavericks , as they held the Trail Blazers to 49 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . Dallas also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Portland , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 26 - 29 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Luka star Damian Lillard was the star , as he led the team with 30 points , adding three rebounds and five assists to his tally . Tim Hardaway Jr. got the start and tallied 24 points , four rebounds and three assists . Jusuf Nurkic amassed 18 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks . Dwight Powell came off the bench to provide 13 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Houston Rockets . The Blazers ( 33 - 22 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Damian Lillard carried the load for Portland , as he tallied 30 points , three rebounds , five assists and two steals on 10 - of - 23 from the field . Jusuf Nurkic was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks . Dorian Finney-Smith and Dorian Finney-Smith both scored in double figures off the bench . Portland will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Houston Rockets .
The Miami Heat ( 26 - 30 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 26 - 31 ) 112 - 101 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Heat got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 29 - 25 in the first quarter alone . The Heat were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 54 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went just 39 percent from the floor and 29 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were also able to force the Mavericks into 22 turnovers , while committing only 18 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Heat had all five starters reach double figures in points . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team , going 7 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding two assists . He 's now averaging 18 points and 5 rebounds on the season . Waiters on the other hand recorded 20 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , four rebounds and three assists of his own . The points were a new season - high for him , as it was easily his best showing of the year . He 's now averaging 12 points and 5 rebounds on the season . Getting the start at shooting guard , Luka Tim Richardson , posted a double - double with 18 points ( 5 - 17 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and 12 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 34 points and 30 rebounds over his last two games . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 40 - 18 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 26 - 32 ) 114 - 104 on Friday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their defense , as they held Dallas to 40 percent shooting and outrebounded them 63 - 42 in the win . Denver also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 63 boards to the Mavericks 42 . The three - point shooting was a factor as well , with Dallas going 24 - for - 37 from long distance . The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Mavericks recorded 19 assists and 15 turnovers , while the Mavericks committed 15 turnovers to just 32 assists . The Nuggets came into this game as a 21 - point favorite and did a great job of leaving them . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he tallied 19 points and 13 rebounds in the win . Paul Millsap also had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 17 points , 13 rebounds , two assists and three steals in the defeat . The Mavericks will look to bounce - back on Sunday when they take on the Utah Jazz in their next game . Dallas has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Dwight Powell had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 20 points , six rebounds and four steals . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , as he amassed 20 points and six rebounds in the defeat . The Mavericks will look to keep this momentum going against the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 34 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 40 - 22 ) 110 - 101 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Mavericks got off to a quick start Wednesday , out - scoring the Pacers 28 - 27 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Mavericks shot the ball well , going 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went 48 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . The Mavericks also out - rebounded the Pacers 42 - 38 , even furthering their advantage in this one . For the Pacers , Bojan Bogdanovic had a team - high of 22 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , while also adding four rebounds and a steal . Considering he 's only averaging 17 points per game so far this season , it was a nice surprise for the Pacers , as he 's only averaging 14 points per game so far this season . Tim Hardaway Jr was dialed in with his shot , going 7 - for - 16 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding four rebounds and three assists . He 's combined to shoot 5 - of - 24 from the three - point line over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Wednesday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Tim Hardaway Jr. added 20 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and four rebounds . He 's now averaging 14 points and 5 rebounds on the season . The only other Pacer to reach double figures in points was Thaddeus Young , who had 11 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) in 31 minutes . The Mavericks ' next game will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday , while the Pacers will travel to Minnesota to play the Timberwolves on Thursday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 25 - 39 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 35 ) 111 - 81 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Grizzlies put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Mavericks to 31 percent shooting and forced them to commit 10 turnovers . The Memphis offense was n't shabby either , as they shot a cool 50 percent from the field and 57 percent from three - point range . This game was well out of hand early and mismatches like this are ugly to watch for NBA fans . Jonas Valanciunas was the star , as he scored a career - high 20 points to go along with 10 rebounds in the win . Avery Bradley also played well , as he scored 15 points and grabbed five rebounds . Up next for Memphis is a matchup with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday . The Mavericks did n't play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building . Jonas Valanciunas was a beast , as he tallied 20 points , 10 rebounds and four assists in the win . Avery Bradley was the only other notable stat line , as he amassed 15 points , five rebounds and five assists . Memphis will look to bounce back on Sunday against the Brooklyn Nets in their next game . Keep in mind that that matchup will be the second half of a back - to - back and some starters may be rested after this overtime loss .
The Houston Rockets ( 41 - 25 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 39 ) 94 - 93 on Sunday . The game was a testament to the perseverance and marksmanship of the visiting Rockets , who shook off a 26 - 2 run that brought them to a 94 - 97 lead that would prove to be the final margin of victory for the Mavs . Houston 's bench was led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from Eric Gordon and Clint Capela , with the former adding three rebounds and a steal , and the latter supplying seven rebounds , a steal and a pair of blocks . Clint Capela followed with a 17 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a block and a steal . Chris Paul had a quiet game by his standards , posting nine points , nine assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks . The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head back home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night . The Mavericks were led by Eric Gordon 's 26 points , which he complemented with a pair of steals and a steal . Clint Capela was next with 18 points , 12 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Chris Paul managed just nine points , nine rebounds , nine assists , two steals and two blocks . Gerald Green paced the Houston bench with 11 points , seven rebounds and an assist . The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Tuesday versus the Charlotte Hornets .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 39 - 29 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 40 ) 112 - 105 on Tuesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Spurs got off to a quick start Tuesday , out - scoring the Mavericks 34 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went just 46 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from deep . The Spurs were led by the duo of DeMar DeRozan and DeMar DeRozan . DeRozan went 11 - for - 19 from the floor and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 33 points , while also adding four rebounds and six assists . After shooting 39 percent or higher in each of his last three games , it was good to see him get back on track . He 's now averaging 28 points and 11 assists on the season . Powell on the other hand recorded 34 points ( 12 - 16 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds and four assists of his own . He had a very poor showing in Sunday 's game against the Memphis Bucks , so it was good to see him turn things around . Derrick White added 23 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) of his own , to go along with three rebounds , three steals and a steal . It was his second straight night with 23 points , pushing his season average to 39 points per game . He 's now averaging 12 points and 4 rebounds on the season . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Thursday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 41 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 17 - 53 ) 121 - 116 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Mavericks put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . The key for Dallas was the shooting , as they shot 52 percent from the field and 47 percent from three - point range in their blowout win . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Dallas winning that battle , 40 - 33 . The Mavs also dominated the shooting , hitting 50 percent of their shots , while holding Cleveland to just 47 percent on their end . The assist - to - turnover differential was huge as well , with the Mavericks recording 32 assists to just five turnovers , while the Cavs committed just six turnovers to 20 assists . The Cavaliers ( 17 - 53 ) had to play this game without Nicolas Antetokounmpo ( knee ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Mavericks team . Kevin Love was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . Kevin Love finished with 22 points and 12 rebounds on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Dirk Nowitzki finished second on the team , totaling 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Dwight Powell came off the bench to collect 16 points , three rebounds and two assists . Dallas will look to keep rolling on Monday against the New Orleans Pelicans .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 31 - 42 ) defeated the Mavericks ( 39 - 46 ) 129 - Mavericks on Monday . The game was a tale of two halves , as New Orleans outscored the Mavs ( 39 - 39 ) in the first and third quarters , while holding them to a season - high scoring total . The Mavs shot 47 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range , which helped them overcome 17 turnovers . The Pelicans were led by Julius Randle 's 30 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Tim Hardaway , Jr. followed with a bench - leading 21 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Frank Miller was next with a bench - leading 10 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds and four assists . Frank Miller was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , four rebounds and four assists . Tim Hardaway , Jr. paced the Mavericks with 29 points , six rebounds , two assists , one block and one steal . Anthony Davis was next with 20 points , six rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block . Dwight Powell posted a near double - double off the bench with 16 points , eight boards , one assist and two steals . Ian Clark and Ian Clark paced the bench with matching 10 - point efforts . Randle added nine rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block to his aforementioned scoring total . Tim Hardaway , Jr. followed with a bench - leading 21 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists , one block and one steal . Frank Hardaway , Jr. was next with a bench - leading 21 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Frank Miller was productive as a reserve as well with a 10 - point , four - rebound effort that also included two assists and one block . Ian Clark paced the bench with 10 points , one rebound and two assists . The Mavericks head back home to tangle with the Orlando Magic on Wednesday evening , while the Mavericks head to the Mile High City for a rematch with Portland on Wednesday night .
The Sacramento Kings ( 37 - 37 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 29 - 45 ) 125 - 121 on Tuesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Kings got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 25 - 23 in the first quarter alone . The Kings were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went 51 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from deep . The Kings also secured a hefty advantage on the boards , as they out - rebounded the Mavericks 37 - 38 , but it was n't enough to push them to the victory . The Kings were led by Luka off the bench , as six players scored in double figures , including point guard Harrison Barnes , who posted 18 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , three rebounds and two steals in 33 minutes . The only other Pelican to reach double figures in points was Marvin Bagley , who finished with 14 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and two rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line 11 times and converted on nine of those 11 attempts . Recording his second double - double of the season , Dwight Powell posted 21 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 9 - 11 FT ) , 13 rebounds and four blocked shots . The double - double was his second in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 33 assists over his last two games . The Kings ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Miami Heat on Thursday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 31 - 46 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 49 - 28 ) 122 - 102 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Mavericks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the 76ers 27 - 32 in the first quarter alone . The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Sixers went just 39 percent from the floor and a meager 18 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Mavericks also secured a 54 - 55 rebounding advantage . The Mavericks had six players reach double figures , including all five starters . Justin Redick led the way , finishing with a team - high of 26 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 4 - 11 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and one assist . He 's only scored 24 points or more in three out of his last four games , so it was good to see him get back on track Monday . Tobias Harris also had a strong showing , finishing with 25 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , six rebounds and three assists . It was a season - high in points for Harris , who had n't reached the 10 - point mark yet this season . Salah Mejri also had a big game in the start , posting a double - double of his own , finishing with 16 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 7 FT ) and 14 rebounds in just 23 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 30 points and 32 rebounds over his last two games . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Dwight Powell , who came off the bench for 14 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) in 22 minutes . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday , while the Sixers will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 110 - 108 , at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Minnesota were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Timberwolves outscored the Mavericks 31 - 29 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Minnesota , as they held Dallas to 46 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Timberwolves also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 49 - 42 and the points in the paint battle , 40 - 36 . The Mavericks ( 31 - 47 ) have struggled on offense all season and duds like this against a bad Dallas defense only adds to those troubles . Luka guard Karl-Anthony Towns led the team with 28 points and 13 rebounds , while going 12 - for - 15 from the free - throw line . Andrew Wiggins was the only other Maverick in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 25 points and eight rebounds on 8 - of - 9 shooting . The Mavericks will host the Memphis Heat on Friday for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 35 - 47 ) have rode Karl-Anthony Towns all night long and he put in another spectacular performance here . Towns finished with 28 points , five rebounds and three blocks on 12 - of - 15 shooting . Andrew Wiggins was second on the team , with his 19 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Dwight Powell was a nice spark off the bench , providing 25 points and eight rebounds on 8 - of - 9 shooting . The Mavericks will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday for their next game .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 32 - 47 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 31 - 48 ) 122 - 112 on Friday . In a battle between two of the worst offenses in the NBA , the defenses showed their true form . The key for Memphis was their shooting , as they hit 48 percent of their shots and recorded 30 assists on their 46 made baskets . The rebounding was key as well , as Memphis won that battle , 50 - 42 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Grizzlies recording 30 assists to 10 turnovers , while the Mavericks committed 9 turnovers to 28 assists . Delon Wright led the way for Dallas , as he scored a career - high 26 points to go along with 14 assists and two steals . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points , one rebound , two assists and two steals on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Memphis ( 32 - 47 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Courtney Lee led the way , as he tallied 21 points , four rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Tyler Holiday was the only other starter in triple figures , as he accrued 20 points , three rebounds and two assists . Tyler Holiday was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Dallas will host the Dallas Grizzlies on Sunday for their next game .
The Dallas Mavericks led wire - to - wire on their way to the 120 - 109 win over the visiting Phoenix Suns on Tuesday . Jamal Crawford was the high - point man for the Suns , with 51 points on 18 - of - 30 shooting , to go along with five assists , five rebounds , one steal and one block . Jamal Crawford followed up with 15 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , to go along with three rebounds , in 22 minutes off the bench . C.J . Harris was the only other player to score in double digits for the Mavericks , as he finished with 15 points , to go along with nine rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 19 minutes off the bench . The Mavs shot 45 percent from the field and 40 percent from long range , but struggled from the free throw line , hitting 22 - of - 27 in the loss . Dirk Nowitzki led the way with 30 points , while Josh Dončić followed up with 21 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with 11 rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Suns now sit five games out of eighth in the West , and will need to get back on track as soon as possible , in order to maintain that spot , as they face them on the second night of a back - to - back . Meanwhile , the Suns will look to bounce back as they play host to the Suns on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the New York Knicks , 107 - 105 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The Nets ( 1 - 1 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Knicks ( 1 - 1 ) in the middle quarters . Brooklyn outscored New York by a 33 - 29 margin over the third and fourth quarters and the visitors were able to pull away for the hard - fought victory . The visitors were led by Enes Kanter 's 29 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , which also included two assists and a steal . D'Angelo Russell continued his recent stretch of strong play , supplying 15 points , six assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Kevin Knox turned in an 17 - point , six - rebound effort that also included a pair of steals and a block . Joe Harris produced 11 points , four rebounds and an assist in a reserve role as well . The Knicks ( 1 - 1 ) were paced by Caris LeVert , who supplied a game - high 28 points in 32 minutes off the bench . Jarrett Allen was next with a 15 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two steals and four blocks . Kevin Knox followed with 17 points and six rebounds . D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with 15 points , six assists , five rebounds and a block . Jared Dudley led the bench with 17 points and six rebounds . The Knicks head back home to face off with the Boston Celtics on Saturday night , while the Knicks remain home to face off with the Boston Celtics on Saturday night .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 120 - 114 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday . In a battle between two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the more potent offense was able to prevail with a huge road win . The Warriors won the second quarter 32 - 29 and never looked back after that . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Warriors recording 28 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Nets committed 15 turnovers to just 28 assists . The Warriors ( 6 - 1 ) continue to fly under the radar and they may have pulled out their biggest win of the season against the Nets here . Steph Curry did all he could to keep the Nets hanging around , as he tallied 35 points , seven rebounds and three assists in the loss . Caris LeVert led the team in scoring , accruing 23 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating eight points , four rebounds and 13 assists . The Warriors ( 6 - 1 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Stephen Curry led the way , as he tallied 35 points , seven rebounds , three assists and three steals . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 18 points and five rebounds . Draymond Green accumulated just eight points , four rebounds , 13 assists and five steals . On deck for the Nets is a road matchup with the New Orleans Knicks on Monday . The Nets ( 2 - 4 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Stephen Curry was spectacular , as he accumulated 35 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , dropping 18 points and five rebounds . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating eight points , four rebounds and 13 assists . Allen Crabbe was huge off the bench , scoring 14 points and grabbing five boards . On deck for the Warriors is a road matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Monday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 120 - 119 , at Barclays Center on Wednesday . The Nets ( 4 - 3 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest having played solid defense through their first five games , allowing only 100 points per game , while the Nets ( 3 - 5 ) had been much more generous , allowing 107 points per game . However , the roles were somewhat reversed Wednesday , with Brooklyn tallying a season - high 120 points on the strength of outstanding 43 percent from both the field and three - point range . Griffin led the way with 25 points , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . Reggie Jackson was right behind him with a 21 - point , two - assist , four - rebound performance that also included a block . Caris LeVert produced a season - leading 19 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , six assists and two steals . Jarrett Allen and Jarrett Allen turned in a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds and one assist , and the latter supplying six rebounds and one assist . Jared Dudley led the bench with 11 points , six rebounds and three assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 14 points , nine boards and one assist . Spencer Dinwiddie led Detroit with 25 points , four assists , four rebounds and one steal . Joe Harris was next with 23 points , five rebounds and one assist . Caris LeVert supplied 19 points , six assists , six rebounds and two steals . Jarrett Allen and Jarrett Allen turned in matching 14 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds and one assist , and the latter supplying six rebounds and three assists . D'Angelo Russell led the way for Detroit with six points , six assists , two rebounds , three steals and one block . Blake Griffin led the second unit with 25 points , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block . Drummond posted a 24 - point , 23 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two blocks and one steal . Caris LeVert supplied 19 points , six assists , six rebounds and two steals . Jarrett Allen and Jarrett Allen turned in matching 14 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds and one assist , and the latter supplying six rebounds and three assists . D'Angelo Russell led the bench with six points , six assists , two rebounds , three steals and one block . The Pistons head back home to tangle with the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday night , while the Pistons remain home to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday evening .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 119 - 111 , at Barclay 's Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Rockets took care of business in the second half , outscoring the Nets , 68 - 42 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Rockets , as they held the Nets to 49 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . The Rockets also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 48 - 31 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 37 . The Nets ( 3 - 6 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Caris LeVert led the team in scoring , as he dropped 29 points , four rebounds and two assists . Joe Harris was second on the team , as he scored 18 points on 7 - of - 9 shooting . D'Angelo Russell went just 5 - of - 14 from the field , but still accumulated 12 points , three rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela recorded a 22 - point , 13 - rebound double - double off the bench . On deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday . Brooklyn ( 2 - 5 ) has gotten off to a rough start this season , but they continue to fight for a playoff berth . Chris Paul was the player of the game , as he tallied 32 points , seven rebounds and 11 assists on 13 - of - 27 shooting . Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 22 points and 13 rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Eric Gordon was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 21 points , one rebound and three assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . On deck for the Nets is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 122 - 97 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . Despite the 76ers leading for the majority of the first half , they really fell apart in the middle quarters . In fact , Brooklyn won the second and third quarters , 61 - 31 to eventually pull away and win by 27 . Defense was key for the Nets , as they held the Sixers to 48 percent from the field and 20 percent from three - point range . The Sixers also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 46 - 27 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 29 . The Nets ( 6 - 6 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Ben Simmons led the way , as he tallied 20 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and four steals . D'Angelo Russell finished second on the team , collecting 21 points , two rebounds and six assists . Jarrett Allen was the only other player in double figures , as he dropped 15 points on a perfect 5 - of - 7 shooting . On deck for the 76ers is a home matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday . The Nets ( 4 - 6 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Ben Simmons led the team in scoring , as he provided 20 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and four steals off the bench . D'Angelo Russell led the starters in scoring , totaling 21 points , two rebounds and six assists . Jarrett Allen was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 15 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . On deck for the Sixers is a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 120 - 107 , at Barclays Center on Wednesday . The Heat ( 6 - 8 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Nets ( 6 - 9 ) , managing a 54 percent success rate from the field and outstanding defense , limiting the Nets to a 41 percent success rate from the field and 28 percent figure from three - point range while also causing 15 turnovers . Brooklyn was led by Spencer Dinwiddie 's 18 points , which he supplemented with five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Goran Dragic was next with 21 points , four assists and three rebounds . Hassan Whiteside had a near double - double with 14 points , 10 boards , two steals and two blocks . D'Angelo Russell went for 12 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Shabazz Napier led the second unit with 13 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , three rebounds and five assists . Tyler Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . D'Angelo Russell 's modest stat line consisted of 12 points , three rebounds , five assists and a steal . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson paced the bench with a 14 - point , nine - rebound double - double that also included a block . The Heat continue on their road trip , with their next stop in Indianapolis on Friday night , while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Friday evening .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 127 - 119 , at Barclay 's Center on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Clippers defense was especially good , as they shot 51 percent from the field , 83 percent from the free - throw line and 48 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Clippers outscoring the Nets , 28 - 30 . Defense was key for the Clippers , as they held the Nets to 45 percent from the field and 46 percent from three - point range . The Clippers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Brooklyn , while committing three less turnovers . The Clippers ( 10 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Nets is just what they need to get going . Jarrett Allen led the team in scoring , as he tallied 24 points , eight rebounds and two steals on 8 - of - 13 shooting . D'Angelo Russell was n't far behind , accumulating 23 points , three rebounds and 10 assists of his own . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , dropping 27 points and eight rebounds on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 16 points and 10 rebounds on 7 - of - 10 shooting . On deck for the Nets is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Monday . Brooklyn ( 10 - 5 ) had to play this game without Kenneth Faried ( ankle ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Jarrett Harris stepped up in his absence though , as he led the team with 24 points and 11 rebounds on 8 - of - 17 shooting . D'Angelo Russell was n't far behind , tallying 23 points , three rebounds and 10 assists of his own . Montrezl Harrell got the start at center and dropped 16 points and 10 rebounds . Allen Crabbe was huge off the bench , scoring 15 points and grabbing four boards . On deck for the Clippers is a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 112 - 102 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The two teams engaged in a rollercoaster affair , one that saw each of them dominate a quarter apiece and the Timberwolves make a run in the final period to seal the win . The Nets ( 8 - 12 ) were led by Derrick Rose , who managed a game - high 25 points , which he complemented with three assists and two rebounds . Karl-Anthony Towns and Joe Harris turned in a pair of 21 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , and the latter dishing out four assists and recording two steals . Taj Gibson posted a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , three steals and a block . Jeff Teague supplied 15 points , nine assists , two rebounds and a steal . Shabazz Napier led the second unit with 12 points , six rebounds , an assist , one steal and one block . Derrick Rose paced Minnesota with 25 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and three assists . Joe Harris produced 18 points , six rebounds and four assists . DeMarre Carroll supplied 13 points , seven boards and two assists . D'Angelo Russell went for five points , three rebounds , five assists and one steal . D'Angelo Russell led the bench with five points , five assists and three rebounds . The Nets head back home to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday night , while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday evening .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 127 - 125 , at Barclays Center on Sunday . The Sixers ( 14 - 8 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Nets ( 8 - 13 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Jimmy Russell for the Sixers ( 8 - 13 ) . Dinwiddie led the way with 31 points , his second - highest total of the season on the season , to go along with five assists , four rebounds and a steal . The two other members of the first unit - - Joel Embiid ( 32 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and two steals ) and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( 13 points , six boards , an assist and a block ) rounded out the starting five 's night . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( 13 points ) and Wilson Chandler ( 10 points ) were productive in reserve roles as well . D'Angelo Russell 's season - high 38 points paced Brooklyn . Joel Embiid was next with a 32 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two blocks . Jarrett Allen was next with a double - double of his own , posting 17 points , 10 rebounds and a steal . Ben Simmons was productive in a reserve role as well with 13 points , nine assists , five rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , five rebounds and five assists . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the visitors with 38 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and one block . Joel Embiid tallied a 32 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two blocks . Jarrett Allen was next with a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one steal . J.J. Redick managed 15 points , four rebounds , two assists and one block . Ben Simmons led the bench with 13 points , five rebounds , three assists , three blocks and three steals . The Nets head back home to tangle with the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night , while the Sixers remain home to face the New York Knicks on Wednesday evening .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 101 - 91 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Jazz dominated from start to finish , as they led for over 42 minutes of this game and led by at least six points for the entirety of the second half . The second quarter is where they spread it out , outscoring the Nets , 26 - 26 . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Utah wining that battle , 52 - 67 . They also dominated the points off turnover differential , winning that , 31 - 20 . The Jazz ( 10 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Brooklyn just adds to their impressive resume ' . Spencer Dinwiddie was Brooklyn 's best player , as he tallied 18 points , three rebounds and two steals on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 11 rebounds . D'Angelo Russell was just as good , accumulating 14 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and two steals . Utah 's next game will be on Friday , when they take on the Memphis Grizzlies . Brooklyn ( 10 - 12 ) had to play this game without Kenneth Faried ( quad ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Spencer Dinwiddie was the player of the game , as he provided 18 points , three rebounds and two steals . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 11 rebounds . D'Angelo Russell made his return from a wrist injury to accrue 14 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Brooklyn will look to get out of this slide on Friday against the Memphis Grizzlies .
Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies with 37 points on an efficient 13 - of - 25 shooting , including 2 - of - 7 from long range , to go along with five rebounds , 10 assists and one block , in 45 minutes . Marc Gasol also finished with 15 points but hauled in 15 rebounds , to go along with five assists , three blocks , two steals and one block , in 46 minutes . Jarrett Allen chipped in 15 points , 12 rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block , in 38 minutes . The Grizzlies were led by Mike Conley , who finished with 37 points on 13 - of - 25 shooting , along with 10 assists and five rebounds , in 45 minutes . DeMarre Carroll finished with 21 points , while DeMarre Carroll chipped in 21 points . The only other player to score in double digits for the Nets was Spencer Dinwiddie , who chipped in 15 points on 5 - of - 5 shooting , including 2 - of - 8 from long range , in 42 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies also shot 50 percent from the field , while holding the Nets to 45 percent shooting . D'Angelo Russell was the only player to score in double digits for Brooklyn , as he finished with 26 points on 10 - of - 27 shooting , along with eight assists , in 36 minutes . Shabazz Napier also scored 18 points , along with six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block , in 24 minutes .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 99 - 97 , at Barclay 's Center on Monday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Cleveland offense was lights - out , as they shot 43 percent from the field , 95 percent from the free - throw line and 27 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Cavaliers outscoring the Nets , 26 - 21 . Cleveland did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 19 - of - 20 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a huge factor for the Cavaliers as well , winning that battle , 55 - 50 . The Nets ( 8 - 17 ) had to play this game without Kenneth Faried ( knee ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Tristan Thompson stepped up in his absence though , as he led the team with 19 points and 14 rebounds . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 19 points , 14 rebounds and two blocks . Spencer Dinwiddie was second on the team , dropping 18 points and three rebounds off the bench . Brooklyn will play the Oklahoma City Warriors on the road for their next game on Wednesday . The Cavaliers ( 5 - 18 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Brooklyn , as they had six players score at least 12 points . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , tallying 20 points , four rebounds and four assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was second on the team , dropping 18 points and three rebounds off the bench . Spencer Kurucs was a nice spark off the bench , as he provided 18 points , three rebounds and four assists . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 19 points , 14 rebounds and two blocks . Shabazz Napier led the team in scoring , dropping 10 points , four rebounds and two assists on 5 - of - 10 from the field . Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Golden State Warriors for their next game .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 114 - 112 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Thunder took care of business in the second half , outscoring the Nets , 68 - 42 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Nets to 43 percent from the field , 77 percent from the free - throw line and 34 percent from three - point range . Oklahoma City also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 60 - 45 . Paul George carried Brooklyn , as he tallied 47 points , 15 rebounds and four assists on 15 - of - 27 shooting . D'Angelo Russell was n't far behind , accumulating 17 points , one rebound and four assists . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and eight rebounds . Allen Crabbe was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Oklahoma City 's next game is on Friday against the Chicago Bulls . Brooklyn ( 8 - 18 ) has been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Allen Crabbe led the way , as he dropped a team - high 22 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Joe Harris finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , seven rebounds and two assists off the bench . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and eight rebounds . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , eight rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Thunder is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Toronto Raptors , 106 - 105 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The Raptors were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Nets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 12 minutes . Defense was key for the Nets , as they held the Raptors to 39 percent shooting , while forcing 15 turnovers . Brooklyn were very efficient on their end , as they shot 44 percent from the field and assisted on 22 of their 43 made baskets . The Nets ( 9 - 18 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Toronto just adds to their impressive resume ' . Kawhi Leonard once again carried the load , as he tallied 32 points , three rebounds , four assists and four steals . Jonas Valanciunas was second on the team , as he totaled 24 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Jarrett Allen recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Toronto will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks . Brooklyn ( 9 - 18 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles . Spencer Dinwiddie was the player of the game , as he tallied 17 points and two rebounds off the bench . Spencer Dinwiddie led the starters with 17 points , two rebounds and eight assists , but missed a game - tying three at the buzzer . Toronto will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday for their next game .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Washington Wizards , 125 - 118 , at Barclay 's Center on Friday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . There were 10 ties and nine lead changes in total , with no team leading by more than 10 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Brooklyn recording 34 assists to nine turnovers , while Washington committed just 9 turnovers to Washington 's 30 . The Nets also took advantage of the whistle , going 26 - of - 31 from the free - throw line , with the Wizards hitting just 9 - of - 16 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Brooklyn recording four more assists than the Wizards , while committing nine less turnovers . The Wizards ( 12 - 18 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Wizards is just what the doctor ordered . Bradley Beal led the Wizards in scoring , as he dropped 31 points on 13 - of - 22 shooting . John Wall was n't far behind , as he tallied 17 points , two rebounds and 13 assists . Joe Harris was second on the team , as he scored 19 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was the only other Wizard in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and nine rebounds . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 10 points and six rebounds . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . The Nets ( 12 - 18 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 22nd win in 11 games . Spencer Dinwiddie led the way for Washington , as he accrued 27 points , four rebounds and six assists . Joe Harris finished second on the team with 19 points and two assists . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson collected 15 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was the only other Wizard in double figures , as he dropped 15 points and nine rebounds on 6 - of - 11 shooting . The Wizards will host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday for their next game .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 144 - 127 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , there was n't much to differentiate the two in the box score . Both teams went exactly 49 - of - 88 from the field and they both went 16 - for - 40 from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Nets recording 34 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 14 turnovers to just 38 assists . The Nets ( 13 - 23 ) have now lost 31 of their last 29 games , as they continue to revive their season . D'Angelo Russell led the team in scoring , dropping 32 points and seven assists on 13 - of - 19 shooting . Kent Bazemore was second on the team , with his 20 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Jared Dudley was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and two assists . Brooklyn will host the Los Angeles Wizards on Tuesday for their next game . The Hawks ( 13 - 18 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . D'Angelo Russell led the way , as he tallied 32 points , six rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Dewayne Dedmon started for LaMarcus Aldridge and accrued 24 points , four rebounds and three assists . Trae on deck for Atlanta is a home matchup with the Washington Wizards on Tuesday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 115 - 110 , at Barclays Center on Tuesday . The Lakers were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Nets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 43 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held the Lakers to 47 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Nets recording 27 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Lakers committed 14 turnovers to just 21 assists . The Lakers ( 18 - 13 ) have now lost 37 of their last 40 games , as they continue to revive their season . LeBron James was the catalyst in this win , as he led the team with 36 points , 13 rebounds and eight assists on 9 - of - 23 shooting . Kyle Kuzma was second on the team , as he scored 23 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . The Nets will look to play better on Friday , when they host the New Orleans Pelicans . Brooklyn ( 18 - 13 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a feisty Brooklyn team . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he collected 36 points , 13 rebounds and eight assists on 13 - of - 23 shooting . Kyle Kuzma was second on the team , as he dropped 23 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Kyle Kuzma finished with 22 points , 11 rebounds and three assists of his own . Joe Harris led the bench in scoring , providing 19 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Nets will host the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 114 - 106 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The two teams came into Friday 's contest as polar opposites , with the Pacers ( 21 - 12 ) looking to tally their 13th consecutive victory and the Nets ( 15 - 19 ) trying to avoid a 12th straight defeat . Brooklyn 's one ray of hope was the fact that they 'd come up short in the second half of the season series , outscoring the Nets ( 15 - 19 ) by a 59 - 62 margin over the third and fourth quarters . The visitors were led by Victor Oladipo 's 26 points , which he supplemented with nine assists , nine rebounds and two steals . Thaddeus Young was next with 21 points , a rebound , an assist , two steals and two blocks . Myles Turner had a near double - double with 15 points , nine boards , three assists , five blocks and a steal . Bojan Bogdanovic went for 17 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson paced the bench with a 13 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , a steal and five blocks . Rodions starter Rodions standout Victor Oladipo tallied 26 points and added nine boards , six assists and a steal . Thaddeus Young was the only other member of the starting five with double digits in the scoring column , supplying a 17 - point , 2 - rebound effort that also included a pair of steals and a block . Bojan Bogdanovic paced the bench with 17 points , two rebounds , four assists and a steal . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson paced the reserves with a 13 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , a steal and five blocks . The Pacers head back home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon , while the Nets remain home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 111 - 103 , at Barclays Center on Sunday . The Nets ( 16 - 19 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Suns ( 8 - 26 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of D'Angelo Russell for the remainder of the Phoenix ' lineup . Spencer Dinwiddie was the high - point man for the Nets ( 8 - 19 ) , posting 24 points , two rebounds and a steal over 26 minutes . D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with 18 points , six assists , six rebounds and two steals . Ed Davis was the only other double - digit scorer among the starting five , posting 15 points and nine boards . Joe Harris supplied 13 points , two rebounds and two assists . D'Angelo Russell paced the bench with 18 points , six rebounds , eight assists and two steals . Deandre Ayton was the only other Phoenix player to score in double digits , posting 15 points , nine rebounds , three blocks and three steals . Joe Harris was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , three rebounds and two assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , nine rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Deandre Ayton was the only other Suns player to score in double digits , tallying 15 points , nine rebounds , three steals and one block over 12 minutes off the bench . Spencer Dinwiddie led the second unit with 24 points , two rebounds and one assist , while D'Angelo Russell led the bench with 18 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and two steals . The Nets head back home to face the Orlando Magic on Wednesday night , while the Suns head to Brooklyn to take on the Magic on Wednesday evening as well .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Charlotte Hornets , 134 - 132 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Brooklyn really turned it on , as they outscored Charlotte , 23 - 26 . Rebounding was the biggest factor for Brooklyn , as they won that battle , 57 - 44 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 9 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Hornets ( 16 - 17 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte , as he tallied 35 points , six rebounds and five assists . Joe Harris was second on the team , as he accrued 27 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Rodions on deck for Charlotte is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday . The Nets ( 16 - 17 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to revive their season . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , collecting 35 points , five rebounds and five assists . Jeremy Lamb was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 31 points , six rebounds and three assists . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 15 rebounds . DeMarre Carroll played well off the bench , collecting 12 points , four rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Nets is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 126 - 121 , in overtime at Barclays Center on Wednesday . The Nets ( 18 - 21 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak and heading into the fourth quarter , they looked like they were well on their way to that goal . New Orleans led the way by a pair of 39 - 39 points in the third quarter , while New York managed to pull away at the end of regulation with a 29 - point second quarter . The Pelicans ( 17 - 22 ) mounted a furious comeback in the third , but outscored their hosts by a whopping 34 - 20 margin in the final 18 minutes . The Nets were led by a pair of 34 - point efforts from Julius Randle and Joe Harris , with the former adding four rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal , and the latter registering two assists and a rebound . Jrue Holiday was solid with 20 points , four assists , four rebounds and a steal . E'Twaun Moore paced the second unit with 16 points , two rebounds , three assists and a steal . Jarrett Allen was next with a 10 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of blocks . E'Twaun Moore supplied 16 points , three assists and a rebound . Julius Randle matched Holiday 's point total and added four rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Jrue Holiday drew another start and supplied 20 points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Jrue Holiday tallied 20 points , four assists , four rebounds and one steal . Jarrett Allen and Rodions reserve Rodions reserve Shabazz Napier were also productive in a reserve role , tallying 12 points , two rebounds and one assist . The Pelicans ( 17 - 22 ) were led by D'Angelo Russell , who posted a near double - double with 22 points , 13 assists , five rebounds , two steals and a block . Julius Randle was next with 21 points , four rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . Jrue Holiday contributed 20 points , four assists , four rebounds and a steal . E'Twaun Moore led the second unit with 16 points , two rebounds , an assist and two steals . E'Twaun Moore was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 16 points , an assist and a rebound . The Nets head back home to face off with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday evening , while the Pelicans remain home to tangle with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 116 - 100 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . Brooklyn was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Nets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Nets , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Brooklyn also dominated the shooting , hitting 45 percent of their shots , while holding the Hawks to just 36 percent . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Nets recording 21 assists to 19 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 19 turnovers to just 17 assists . The Hawks ( 12 - 29 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . D'Angelo Russell led the way , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds and four assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , with his 17 points and three rebounds . Kevin Huerter was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 14 points and 10 rebounds on 6 - of - 15 shooting . The Hawks will look to play better on Friday , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers . The Nets ( 21 - 22 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . John Collins was the player of the game , as he amassed 30 points , 14 rebounds and two steals on 12 - of - 21 shooting . DeMarre Carroll finished second on the team with 17 points and three rebounds . Kevin Huerter was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 14 points , 10 rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Hawks is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Boston Celtics , 109 - 102 , at Barclays Center on Monday . The Nets ( 25 - 18 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Nets ( 22 - 23 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads . Both of those patterns held true Monday , as Brooklyn compiled a whopping 74 points in the first half . The visitors shot 43 percent from the field and saw only three players hit double digits in the scoring column . D'Angelo Russell led the way with a game - high 34 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a block . Jarrett Allen was next with a 19 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , four steals and four blocks . DeMarre Carroll filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , 14 rebounds , two assists and a block . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 22 points , six rebounds , two steals and a block . Jarrett Kurucs was productive on the second unit as well , managing 19 points , 12 rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . DeMarre Carroll and Al Horford contributed a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former also supplying 14 rebounds , two assists and a block , and the latter supplying four assists , two boards and a steal . Joe Harris was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a steal . D'Angelo Russell paced the Nets ' bench with 13 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Boston remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Boston to take on the Raptors on Wednesday . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the home team with 34 points , five rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a block . Jarrett Allen was next with a 19 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , four blocks and a steal . DeMarre Carroll enjoyed one of his best games of the season , posting a 10 - point , 14 - rebound double - double , and added two assists and a block . Al Horford managed a modest eight points but did haul in 2 rebounds , while Joe Harris contributed 13 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Boston remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Wednesday versus the Houston Rockets .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 123 - 94 , at Barclays Center on Monday . The two teams came into Monday 's contest as polar opposites , with the Nets ( 25 - 23 ) looking to tally their 13th consecutive victory and the Kings ( 24 - 23 ) trying to avoid a fifth straight defeat . Sacramento ( 24 - 23 ) appeared to be in danger of losing their grip on the eighth seed in the Western Conference , as they remain in the thick of the Eastern Conference playoff race . However , the surging Nets ( 25 - 23 ) were the latest team to learn that lesson the hard way , as they fell victim to a Brooklyn fourth - quarter comeback and dropped a one - point decision that could jeopardize their playoff hopes . Bogdan Bogdanovic scored a team - high 22 points for the third straight game that paced the Kings . Bogdan World Peace led the way for the Kings with 22 points , six rebounds , an assist and two steals over 32 minutes . Justin Kurucs was next with a bench - leading 12 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and two steals . Joe Harris was next with 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Willie Cauley-Stein totaled 12 points , six rebounds and two assists in 20 minutes , while Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , three rebounds and six assists . D'Angelo Russell paced the way for the Nets with a game - high 31 points , which he supplemented with eight assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block . Joe Harris led the bench with 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Willie Cauley-Stein totaled 12 points , six rebounds and two assists . Buddy Hield drew the start and supplied 11 points , seven rebounds and one assist over 27 minutes . Willie Cauley-Stein totaled 12 points , six rebounds and two assists in 27 minutes off the bench . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the visitors with 31 points , four assists , four rebounds , one block and one steal . Justin Kurucs led the bench with 16 points , two rebounds and one steal . Justin Kurucs was next with a bench - leading 12 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds and two assists . Buddy Hield totaled 11 points , seven rebounds and one assist . Spencer Allen led the bench with 11 points , three rebounds and one assist , while Spencer Fox was the only other member of the starting five with double digits in the scoring column .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Orlando Magic , 114 - 110 , Wednesday at Barclays Center . The Nets ( 26 - 23 ) came into Wednesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , to make matters worse , Nikola Vucevic left the game with a sprained right ankle and did not return . The Nets ( 20 - 28 ) pulled off a wild 26 - 3 run to close out the third quarter and outscore Orlando 25 - 25 over the final frame to seal the win . Orlando was led by Nikola Vucevic , who posted a 21 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included five assists , two steals and four blocks . D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with a 25 - point , 21 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists , a steal and a block . DeMarre Carroll supplied 19 points , four boards and an assist . Joe Harris led the bench with 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the home team with 25 points , seven rebounds , 10 assists and two steals . D.J. D.J . Augustin was next with 19 points , six assists , three rebounds and two steals . DeMarre Carroll filled out the stat sheet with 19 points , four rebounds and one assist . Joe Harris was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . Nikola Vucevic paced Orlando with a 21 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included five assists , four blocks and two steals . D.J . Augustin was next with 19 points , six assists , three rebounds and two steals . DeMarre Carroll managed 19 points , four rebounds and one assist . Joe Harris led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . The Nets head back home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Friday night , while the Nets remain home to face off with the New York Knicks on Friday evening .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the New York Knicks , 109 - 99 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The battle of Southeastern Division rivals lived up to its billing , with the Nets ( 27 - 23 ) holding the hosts ( 10 - 23 ) to 43 percent shooting in the first half , while New York shot only 40 percent from the field overall . New York was led by a pair of 19 - point efforts from Trey Burke and Noah Vonleh , with the former adding two assists and two rebounds , and the latter providing two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Ed Davis was the only other double - digit scorer among the starting five , posting 17 points , a game - high 16 rebounds . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson paced the bench with 10 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . Shabazz Napier led the second unit with 18 points , two rebounds , two assists and one steal . Shabazz Napier tallied 18 points , two assists , two rebounds and one steal while shooting 3 - of - 13 from the field . D'Angelo Russell went for 12 points , three rebounds , four assists and a steal . Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the second unit with 10 points , three rebounds , one steal and one block . Trey Burke was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , three assists and a rebound . The Nets head back home to face the Boston Celtics on Sunday evening , while the Knicks head to Boston to tangle with the Heat on Monday evening .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 28 - 24 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 11 - 40 ) 122 - 117 on Tuesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Nets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Bulls 20 - 19 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Nets also shot very well , going 45 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went 50 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Nets were also able to force the Bulls into 19 turnovers , while committing only eight of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Nets were led by Zach LaVine , who went 11 - for - 20 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 26 points , while also adding five assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 40 rebounds over his last two games . Parker , on the other hand , went 10 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding nine rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 15 points and 10 rebounds on the year . Both Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) each had 18 points as well . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday , while the Bulls will travel to Miami to play the Heat on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 113 - 94 , at Barclay 's Center on Monday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Bucks dominated from start to finish , as they led for over 42 minutes of this game and led by at least six points for the entirety of the second half . The second quarter is where they spread it out , outscoring the Nets , 28 - 25 . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Milwaukee wining that battle , 58 - 18 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists and committing nine less turnovers . The Nets ( 28 - 27 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load , as he tallied 30 points , 15 rebounds and nine assists . Eric Bledsoe was just as good , collecting 15 points , three rebounds , five assists and five steals . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 10 points , eight rebounds and two assists . On deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday . The Bucks ( 39 - 13 ) have now won six of their last seven games , as they continue to revive their season . Eric Bledsoe led the way for Brooklyn , as he led the team with 18 points , five rebounds and five assists . Shabazz Napier was second on the team , as he accrued 15 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals off the bench . Eric Bledsoe led the starters in scoring , accruing 15 points , three rebounds , five assists , three steals and one block . Theo on deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 135 - 130 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Nets defense was especially good , as they shot 51 percent from the field , 73 percent from the free - throw line and 56 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Nets outscoring the Nuggets , 42 - 25 . Rebounding was a glaring difference , with Brooklyn winning that battle , 40 - 23 . Denver also took advantage of the whistle , going 24 - of - 33 from the free - throw line . Denver ( 37 - 17 ) had their opportunities to win this game , but they realized how tough it is to beat an efficient Brooklyn team . Nikola Jokic recorded another triple - double , accumulating 25 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , with his 18 points and 10 rebounds . Rondae Plumlee was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 15 points and six rebounds . Joe Harris led the bench in scoring , dropping 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Chicago Bulls . The Nuggets ( 37 - 17 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to revive their season . D'Angelo Russell led the team in scoring , totaling 27 points and 11 assists on 10 - of - 23 shooting . Mason Plumlee was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 24 points and six rebounds . Joe Harris led the bench in scoring , dropping 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Chicago Bulls .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 125 - 106 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The Bulls were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Bulls pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Brooklyn to 41 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 11 turnovers . The Bulls ended up shooting 54 percent from the field , while holding Brooklyn to just 41 percent shooting . The Bulls ( 13 - 28 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . D'Angelo Russell did all he could for Brooklyn , as he led the team with 23 points , one rebound and six assists on 8 - of - 21 from the field . Zach LaVine led the starters , as he accrued 26 points , three rebounds and five assists . Joe Harris led the bench in scoring , as he provided 19 points , two rebounds and five assists . Jarrett Allen and Caris LeVert each scored in double figures off the bench . Brooklyn will host the Toronto Wizards for their next game on Saturday . The Nets ( 29 - 28 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . D'Angelo Russell led the way for Brooklyn , as he accumulated 26 points , one rebound and six assists on 8 - of - 21 shooting . Zach LaVine was second on the team , totaling 26 points , three rebounds , five assists and two steals . Robin Lopez was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 12 points and five rebounds . Brooklyn will return to action on Saturday against the Toronto Raptors .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 113 - 99 , at Barclay 's Center on Thursday . This was one of the closest games of the season , as there were 12 ties and 19 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than seven at any point . Free-throw shooting was the difference for Portland , as they went 14 - of - 16 while the Nets went just 7 - of - 36 . Portland also dominated the shooting , hitting 44 percent of their shots , while holding Brooklyn to just 39 percent from the field . The Trail Blazers also took care of business through transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 22 - 19 . The Blazers ( 35 - 23 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to revive their season . Damian Lillard once again carried the load , as he tallied 13 points , eight rebounds and eight assists in the defeat . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , as he accrued 21 points , six rebounds and five assists of his own . D'Angelo Russell led the starters in scoring , totaling 14 points and eight assists . C.J . McCollum was the only other Blazer in double figures , providing 21 points and five assists . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a double - double off the bench as well , totaling 11 points and 10 rebounds . The Nets return to action on Saturday when they host the Philadelphia 76ers , while Brooklyn travels to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Saturday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 101 - 85 , at Barclays Center on Monday . The Spurs ( 32 - 30 ) came in to Monday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Nets ( 32 - 30 ) built a 62 - 43 halftime lead . The Nets ( 32 - 30 ) stymied San Antonio to the tune of a 63 percent success rate from the field , and a 38 percent figure from three - point range . The Nets were led by LaMarcus Aldridge 's 26 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds , an assist and three blocks . He was in a zone shooting - wise , going 12 - of - 21 from the field and 0 - of - 1 from three - point range . DeMar DeRozan followed with 23 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . Joe Harris led the bench with 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Rudy Gay was a distant second behind Aldridge with 13 points , three rebounds and a steal . Joe Harris was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points , three assists and a rebound . DeMarre Carroll generated a modest seven points but hauled in 12 rebounds and dished out one assist . The Nets head back home to face the Detroit Wizards on Wednesday night , while the Spurs head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Washington Pistons on Wednesday evening .
The Washington Wizards ( 25 - 36 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 32 - 31 ) 125 - 116 on Wednesday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Brooklyn , as they shot 46 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Wizards won the game , as they outscored the Nets 34 - 32 in that 23 - minute stretch . Washington has been playing the best defense in the NBA over recent weeks and continued that form here . D'Angelo Russell led the way for Brooklyn , as he tallied 28 points and seven assists in just three quarters of play . Trevor Ariza also played well , as he totaled 23 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Trevor Ariza also played well , as he amassed 23 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Up next for the Wizards is a matchup with the Boston Celtics on Friday . Brooklyn is now 2 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . D'Angelo Russell was the star for the Nets , as he scored a game - high 28 points to go along with three rebounds and seven assists . Thomas finished the game with 18 points , four assists and two steals . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double off the bench , as he totaled 10 points and 12 rebounds . The Nets next game will be on Friday , when they host the Charlotte Hornets .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 123 - 112 , at Barclays Center on Friday . The Hornets ( 29 - 33 ) came into Friday 's contest in urgent need of a win , not only to keep pace behind the eighth - seeded Denver Nuggets in the Eastern Conference , but to also put the considerable bad taste of a 116 - 74 loss to the Sixers on Friday behind them . A matchup against the defensively - challenged Brooklyn Nets proved to be what the doctor ordered , as Charlotte shot 53 percent from the field and used a 57 - 51 halftime lead as the foundation for the road victory . Kemba Walker and DeMarre Carroll led the Hornets with matching 25 - point efforts , with the former adding seven assists , four rebounds and four steals , and the latter supplying six boards and one assist . Nicolas Batum provided 17 points , six boards , five assists and one block . Spencer Dinwiddie led the first unit with 15 points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Caris LeVert supplied 14 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one block . Frank Kaminsky III paced the bench with 15 points , seven boards , one assist and one block . D'Angelo Russell paced the bench with 17 points , five assists , six rebounds and one block . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte with 25 points , which he supplemented with seven assists , four rebounds and four steals . Nicolas Batum was next with 17 points , six rebounds , five assists and one block . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet nicely with a near double - double consisting of 17 points , six rebounds , five assists and one block . Joe Harris led the bench with 14 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one block . Frank Kaminsky III paced the bench with 15 points , seven boards , one assist and one block . The Nets head back home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Sunday afternoon , while the Hornets head down to Miami for a Saturday night showdown with the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 33 - 33 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 36 ) 127 - 88 on Monday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Nets came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 31 - 21 in the first quarter alone . The Nets were the superior shooters in this game , going 56 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went just 36 percent from the floor and a meager 27 percent from deep . Dwight Powell was one of the lone bright spots , as he went 6 - for - 7 from the field and a perfect 5 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 20 points , while also adding six rebounds . It was a season - high in points for Carroll and arguably his best game of the season thus far . The only other Pelican to reach double figures in points was D'Angelo Russell , who recorded 13 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt ) and 11 assists in 21 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 31 points and 33 rebounds over his last two games . The Nets also saw a huge effort from Dwight Powell , who came off the bench for 20 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 5 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and six rebounds . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 34 - 33 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 16 - 49 ) 113 - 107 on Wednesday . Brooklyn came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from D'Angelo Russell to pull out the win . The key for Brooklyn was their shooting , as they shot 47 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was key , as the Nets snatched down 50 rebounds to the Cavaliers 47 . Cleveland had to play this game without Marc Dudley , but they did n't miss a beat . Kevin Love was the star of the show , as he tallied 24 points , 16 rebounds and four assists in the win . Jarrett Allen also had a nice game , as he totaled 15 points , 11 rebounds and three assists in the victory . This is a dangerous team in the East going forward and they look like a threat to make the playoffs and possibly win a game in the postseason for the first time in 15 years . They 'll look to keep up this form against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday . The Cavaliers have been playing some of their best basketball of the season recently , but this was a tough task against a hungry Nets team . Kevin Love had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 24 points , 16 rebounds and four assists . David Nance Jr. recorded a double - double of his own and scored a career - high 17 points off the bench . Up next for Brooklyn is a matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 103 - 75 , at Barclays Center on Monday . The battle of Southeastern Division rivals lived up to its billing , with the Nets ( 36 - 33 ) holding the hosts ( 34 - 32 ) to a 49 percent success rate from the field and 24 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 12 turnovers from their over - matched hosts . Andre Drummond 's 13 - point , 20 - rebound double - double paced the Nets ' attack , and he added six assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Blake Griffin was next with a near double - double of 10 points , seven rebounds , six assists and two steals . Langston Galloway supplied nine points , one rebound , one assist and two steals as a reserve . Ish Smith was productive as a reserve as well with nine points , two assists , four rebounds and two steals . The Pistons were led by Spencer Dinwiddie 's 19 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds and two assists . Blake Griffin and D'Angelo Russell both tallied matching 10 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , six assists and one steal , and the latter supplying seven assists , two rebounds and three steals . Langston Galloway paced the second unit with nine points , one rebound and one assist . Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , eight boards , one assist , two steals and two blocks . Spencer Dinwiddie paced the second unit with 19 points , two rebounds and two assists , while Caris LeVert was productive in a reserve role as well with 12 points . The Nets head down to South Florida for a Wednesday night date with the Miami Heat , while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Wednesday evening as well .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Boston Celtics , 110 - 96 , at Barclays Center on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Celtics win , but Brooklyn had other ideas . The Nets ended up shooting 46 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Nets recording 22 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Celtics committed 15 turnovers to 19 assists . Brooklyn had one of their best offensive games of the season , going 46 percent from the field , 32 percent from three - point range and 78 percent from the free - throw line . Bench production was the difference for the Nets , as they won that battle , 46 - 5 . D'Angelo Russell led the way for Boston , tallying 29 points , three rebounds and 10 assists . Caris LeVert was second on the team , as he dropped 15 points off the bench . DeMarre Carroll went just 5 - of - 13 from the field , but finished with 13 points and four rebounds . Brooklyn 's next game is on Monday , when they take on the Miami Heat at home . The Nets ( 39 - 38 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 4 games behind the Nets for the eighth - seed in the east . Gordon Hayward led the Celtics in scoring , as he tallied 19 points , six rebounds and three assists . Caris LeVert was second on the team , as he provided 15 points and two rebounds off the bench . Marcus Morris finished with 16 points and five rebounds . Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Monday in a road matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 131 - 121 , at Barclay 's Center on Monday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Milwaukee offense was lights - out , as they shot 50 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bucks recording 28 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Nets committed 23 turnovers to just 19 assists . The Nets ( 58 - 39 ) had a tough task here against a hot Nets team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Eric Bledsoe did all he could for Brooklyn , as he led the team with 29 points , five rebounds , seven assists , five steals and two blocks . DeMarre Carroll finished with 20 points and five rebounds . George Hill was a nice spark off the bench , providing 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . Milwaukee will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday for their next game . The Nets ( 39 - 39 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 6 games behind the eight - seed in the East . D'Angelo Russell was the player of the game , as he led the Nets with 28 points and 3 assists on 9 - of - 27 shooting . Giannis Antetokounmpo finished second on the team , totaling 28 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and two steals . George Hill finished with 22 points , two rebounds and three assists . On deck for Brooklyn is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 115 - 105 , at Barclays Center on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 56 - 23 ) checked into Wednesday 's contest playing outstanding basketball , as they 'd notched victories in 16 of their previous 7 games . Nevertheless , they faced a formidable challenge in the top - seeded Nets ( 39 - 40 ) , who 'd lost only nine of 22 games . It was tight throughout , however , as the Raptors ( 56 - 40 ) were able to pull away for the road victory . D'Angelo Russell led the way for the visitors with 27 points , six assists , seven rebounds and one steal . Kawhi Leonard was right behind him with 26 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Serge Ibaka posted a 23 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a steal . DeMarre Carroll supplied 12 points , five rebounds and an assist . Marc Gasol turned in a modest stat line with eight points , nine rebounds , six assists and four steals . Spencer Dinwiddie was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , nine boards and a block . Russell Russell 's game - high 27 points paced Brooklyn , a total he supplemented with six assists , seven rebounds and a steal . Spencer Dinwiddie followed with 14 points , four rebounds and five assists . DeMarre Carroll supplied 12 points , five boards and an assist . Marc Gasol filled out the stat sheet with eight points , nine rebounds , six assists and four steals . The Nets head back home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday night , while the Nets head to Milwaukee to tangle with the Bucks on Saturday evening .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Miami Heat , 113 - 94 , at Barclays Center on Wednesday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Heat win , but Brooklyn had other ideas . The Nets ended up shooting 38 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Nets recording 29 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Heat committed 14 turnovers to 22 assists . Dwyane Wade was the player of the game , scoring a game - high 25 points on 10 - of - 28 shooting . Duncan also added five rebounds and three assists to his tally . Shabazz Napier was the only other starter in double figures , dropping 20 points , adding five rebounds and five assists . Miami ( 39 - 43 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 3 games behind the eight - seed in the East . Dwyane Wade led the team in scoring , as he dropped 25 points off the bench . Dwyane Wade recorded a triple - double , as he accrued 25 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Duncan was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points , five rebounds and three assists . Shabazz Napier led the bench in scoring , dropping 20 points , five rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 17 from the field . Miami will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game . Miami ( 39 - 43 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 3 games behind the eight - seed in the Heat . Dwyane Wade was the player of the game , as he accumulated 25 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Shabazz Napier finished second on the team , as he provided 20 points , five rebounds and five assists off the bench . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and three steals .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 119 - 91 , at Pepsi Center on Saturday . Denver was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Nuggets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 32 minutes . Defense was key for the Nuggets , as they held the Suns to 38 percent shooting , while Phoenix shot 47 percent on their end . Scoring in the paint was a huge factor as well , with the Nuggets winning that battle , 25 - 1 . The Nuggets ( 2 - 0 ) are coming off their worst loss of the season , so a comeback win is just what the doctor ordered . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 35 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and four steals in the win . T.J. Warren finished second on the team with 16 points and three rebounds . Will Barton was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Nuggets ( 2 - 1 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Nuggets team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Devin Booker carried the load , as he scored a game - high 25 points to go along with two rebounds and seven assists . T.J. Warren finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and three rebounds . Paul Millsap provided 14 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Will Barton was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points , five rebounds and four assists . Denver will host the Golden State Warriors on Sunday for their next game .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Golden State Warriors , 100 - 98 , at Pepsi Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 6 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than nine points . Free-throw shooting was key for Denver , as they went 24 - of - 42 from the charity stripe , while the Warriors went 19 - of - 24 . Stephen Curry was the star for the Warriors , as he tallied 30 points , four rebounds and six assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , scoring 15 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Steph Looney was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points , six rebounds and four steals . On deck for the Nuggets is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Monday . Denver ( 3 - 0 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . Steph Curry led the team with 30 points , adding six assists and six steals . Nikola Jokic was a perfect 7 - of - 14 from the field to collect 23 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Kevon Looney started and accrued 10 points , six rebounds and two steals in just 19 minutes of action . Mason Plumlee had a nice all - around game , accumulating 11 points , two rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 126 - 112 , at Pepsi Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for the eight - seed in the west , the Nuggets were able to prevail with a huge road win . A 29 - 31 run in the fourth quarter was the decisive stretch for the Nuggets , as that gave Denver their largest lead of the game . It was tight throughout though , as there were 12 ties and nine lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . Free-throw shooting was key for Denver , as they went 13 - of - 15 in the defeat . Rebounding was key for the Nuggets , as they lost that battle , 49 - 39 . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Denver hitting 11 - of - 30 from long distance , while Sacramento went 13 - of - 31 . The Kings ( 1 - 0 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Nuggets team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Jamal Murray was the leading scorer off the bench , as he dropped 19 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Paul Millsap was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 15 points and five rebounds on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Nikola Jokic recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds . Frank Lyles was the only bench player in double figures , as he dropped 12 points to go along with five boards . On deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Kings ( 1 - 3 ) continue to struggle without Al Horford ( concussion ) and Jae Crowder ( ankle ) and this was easily their worst loss of the season . Marvin Bagley carried the load , as he scored a team - high 20 points to go along with nine rebounds and three assists . Gary Harris was second on the team , as he scored 18 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Paul Millsap finished with 15 points and five rebounds on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Frank Lyles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 12 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . Sacramento will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday for their next game .
Julius Randle led the way for the Pelicans with 24 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting , along with eight rebounds , six assists and one block , in 26 minutes . E'Twaun Moore followed up with 18 points , while Jrue Holiday chipped in 16 points to go along with nine assists and one steal . Trey Lyles was the only other player to score in double digits for the Nuggets , as he finished with 17 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , including 1 - of - 6 from long range , in 21 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets shot 45 percent from the field , led by Paul Millsap , who finished with a solid 18 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , including 2 - of - 4 from long range , along with eight rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block , in 43 minutes . Julius Randle led the way for New Orleans with 24 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 8 - 11 FT ) , eight rebounds and six assists , in 26 minutes . Jamal Murray chipped in 23 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , along with five rebounds , two assists , five steals and one block , in 39 minutes . The Pelicans shot 52 percent from the field but only won 28 percent of their shots from the field . Next up the Pelicans will be in Oakland to take on the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday . The Nuggets will look to keep their playoff hopes alive as they host the Bulls on Wednesday .
Jae Crowder led the way for the Jazz with 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long range , along with five rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 31 minutes . Jamal Murray came up big off the bench , with 19 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , including 1 - of - 3 from long range , along with five rebounds and four assists . Ricky Rubio filled the stat sheet with 11 points , six assists , four rebounds and four steals , in 32 minutes . Meanwhile , Jae Crowder was the high - point man for the Jazz , with 21 points , on 8 - of - 15 shooting , in 21 minutes off the bench . Nikola Jokic added seven points and 10 rebounds , while Gary Harris added 19 points , four assists and five rebounds . The Jazz shot 41 percent from the field and 19 percent from long range , but struggled from the free throw line , going 12 - of - 19 . The Jazz will face the second night of a back - to - back as they travel to Denver to take on the Celtics on Monday . Meanwhile , the Jazz will look to get back on track as they play host to the Raptors on Monday , in what will be the fourth game of a four - game home stand for the Nuggets . Jae Crowder led the way in scoring , with 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , along with five rebounds , one assist , one steal and three blocks , in 31 minutes . Jamal Murray came up big off the bench , with 19 points , on 7 - of - 16 shooting , in 35 minutes .
Jamal Murray was the high - point man for the Nuggets , as he poured in 48 points on 19 - of - 30 shooting , including 5 - of - 11 from long range , to go along with five rebounds and four assists , in 38 minutes . Jaylen Brown came up big off the bench , with 15 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , including 1 - of - 4 from long range , in 37 minutes off the bench . Gordon Hayward chipped in eight points on 3 - of - 7 shooting , including 0 - of - 2 from long range , in his first start to the regular season . Al Horford added 12 points , four rebounds and six assists , while Paul Millsap chipped in 10 points , eight rebounds and two assists , in 27 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Kyrie Irving led the way for the Celtics , with 31 points on 13 - of - 17 shooting , including 4 - of - 6 from long range . Kyrie Irving was solid as well , finishing with 31 points , five rebounds , five assists , three steals and a block , in 33 minutes . Al Horford finished with 12 points , four rebounds and eight assists , while Paul Millsap chipped in 10 points and eight rebounds . Meanwhile , Jamal Murray led the bench with 15 points , four steals , in 28 minutes off the bench . Nikola Jokic went for eight points , 10 rebounds and one assist , in 27 minutes .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 112 - 110 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 11 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Nets going 12 - of - 33 and the Nuggets hitting just 5 - of - 18 from long distance . Brooklyn also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 42 - 54 . Denver also took advantage of the whistle , going 28 - of - 42 from the free - throw line . D'Angelo Russell led the way for Denver , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 14 from the field . Jarrett Allen was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , nine rebounds , two assists and five blocks . Paul Millsap recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds . The Nuggets ( 9 - 3 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . D'Angelo Russell led the way , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds , five assists and two steals . Jarrett Allen was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points , nine rebounds and five blocks . Caris LeVert started and amassed 15 points , two rebounds and five assists . Spencer Dinwiddie led the bench , amassing 12 points , six rebounds and six assists .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Denver Nuggets , 121 - 114 , at Pepsi Center on Sunday . The Bucks ( 10 - 3 ) utilized a balanced effort from their first unit to outlast a game Nuggets squad that received a game - high 25 points from Paul Millsap . The second - year big man was aided by Nikola Jokic 's team - high 20 points , which he complemented with six rebounds , six assists , a steal and a block . It was a remarkable night from the three - point shooting , as Middleton drained five of his eight attempts from beyond the arc . Meanwhile , the Nuggets ( 9 - 4 ) were led by Brook Lopez , who went for a game - high 28 points , along with four rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . Khris Middleton tallied 21 points , five rebounds and two assists , and went 8 - of - 12 from the field , including 3 - of - 5 from behind the arc . Eric Bledsoe filled out the stat sheet with 12 points , three assists , eight rebounds , three steals and a block . Malcolm Brogdon posted 20 points , five assists , six rebounds and two steals . Nikola Jokic 's 20 - point , 6 - rebound , 6 - assist , 6 - rebound effort paced the Bucks . Khris Middleton was next with 21 points , five rebounds and two assists . Malcolm Brogdon continued his rapid development , as he managed 20 points , five assists , six rebounds and two steals . Eric Bledsoe compiled 12 points , three assists , eight rebounds , three steals and a block while leading the second unit . The Bucks head back home to face off with the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday night , while the Nuggets head to Denver to take on the Rockets on Tuesday evening as well .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 109 - 99 , at Pepsi Center on Tuesday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 33 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference , with the Rockets going 13 - of - 37 , while the Nuggets hit just 11 - of - 16 . Denver dominated the shooting , hitting 55 percent of their shots and assisted on 23 of their 39 made baskets . The Rockets ( 6 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Denver just adds to their impressive resume ' . Clint Capela led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 24 points , nine rebounds and two assists on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Nikola Jokic recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists . Nikola Jokic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds . Jamal Murray was a nice spark off the bench , leading the team with 15 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Denver will be off until Thursday , when they host the Golden State Warriors for their next game . Denver ( 9 - 5 ) has been playing better recently , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt . James Harden was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , five rebounds , 11 assists and three steals . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 22 points , five rebounds , 11 assists and three steals . Nikola Jokic was the only other Nugget in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and 12 rebounds . Gary Harris led the bench in scoring , dropping 15 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Denver will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Golden State Warriors .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 138 - 93 , at Pepsi Center on Thursday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Nuggets finished the game on a 27 - 6 run over the second and third quarter and never looked back . Defense was key for Denver , as they held Atlanta to 35 percent from the field and 21 percent from three - point range . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Nuggets , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 42 minutes . Shooting was key , as the Nuggets shot 56 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The Hawks ( 3 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Juan Hernangomez led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , nine rebounds and one block on 9 - of - 12 shooting . Paul Millsap was n't far behind , as he tallied 18 points , nine rebounds , five assists , four steals and two blocks . Nikola Jokic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 12 points , nine rebounds , seven assists , four steals and a block . Kent Bazemore led Atlanta in scoring , as he dropped 14 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting . The Nuggets will play again on Saturday , as they travel to play the New Orleans Pelicans for their next game .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Orlando Magic , 112 - 87 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Nuggets defense was especially bad , as they shot 47 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Nuggets recording 33 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Magic committed 13 turnovers to 24 assists . Orlando had one of their best offensive games of the season , going 47 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . Trey Lyles led the Nuggets in scoring , as he dropped 22 points on 9 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Mason Plumlee recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 11 rebounds . Paul Millsap was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Denver ( 12 - 7 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . Terrence Ross led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points and two rebounds off the bench . Jamal Murray led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 16 points , five rebounds , six assists and two steals off the bench . Paul Millsap was the only other player in double figures , as he accumulated 14 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Orlando will host the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday for their next fixture .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 117 - 85 , at Pepsi Center on Tuesday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 44 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference , with the Nuggets going 9 - of - 25 , while the Lakers hit just 5 - of - 35 from long distance . The Nuggets ( 14 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kyle Kuzma was the player of the game , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and three assists . Paul Millsap was n't far behind , as he tallied 20 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Nikola Jokic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Mason Plumlee was the only other T'Wolf in double figures , scoring 10 points and grabbing 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . Denver 's next game will be on Friday , when they host the Portland Trail Blazers . The Nuggets ( 14 - 9 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Kyle Kuzma was the lone bright spot in the defeat , as he led the team with 21 points , three rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 15 shooting . LeBron James finished second on the team with 14 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Nikola Jokic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 105 - 99 , at Pepsi Center on Monday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 7 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for Denver , as they held Memphis to 50 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was the biggest difference in the game , with the Nuggets winning that battle , 40 - 34 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 15 - 11 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Mike Conley led the way , as he tallied 19 points , six rebounds and six assists . Mason Plumlee finished with 12 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . JaMychal Green amassed 13 points and 10 rebounds . Shelvin Mack was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and two assists . Denver will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday for their next game . The Nuggets ( 18 - 9 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 27 points , 12 rebounds and six assists on 9 - of - 14 from the field . JaMychal Green totaled 13 points and 10 rebounds . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 13 points and 10 rebounds . Denver 's next game is on Friday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 109 - 98 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 7 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Nuggets going 11 - of - 34 from long range , while the Thunder hit just 7 - of - 19 . Rebounding was key as well , with Denver winning that battle , 48 - 43 . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing three less turnovers . The Nuggets ( 19 - 9 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Thunder is just what they need to get going . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 32 points , five rebounds and two assists . Steven Adams finished with 26 points and 14 rebounds . Russell Westbrook was just as good , collecting 13 points , 14 rebounds , eight assists , four steals and a block . Jerami Grant led the team in scoring off the bench , providing 13 points on 4 - of - 11 from the field . Denver will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Toronto Raptors . Denver ( 17 - 10 ) has really struggled on offense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Jamal Murray led the team in scoring , as he dropped 19 points on 0 - of - 4 from three - point range . Russell Westbrook did all he could to keep Oklahoma City in the game , as he accumulated 13 points , 14 rebounds , eight assists and four steals of his own . Jamal Murray was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 19 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Juan Hernangomez got the start and amassed 15 points and two rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Toronto Raptors , 95 - 86 , at Pepsi Center on Sunday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Nuggets defense was especially good , as they shot 42 percent from the field , 81 percent from the free - throw line and 33 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Nuggets outscoring the Raptors , 16 - 24 , in that quarter . Rebounding was the biggest difference for Denver , with the Nuggets winning that battle , 44 - 51 . The Nuggets ( 23 - 9 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he collected 26 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jamal Murray got the start for Porzingis and accrued 19 points , five rebounds , four assists and one block . Jamal Murray led the bench with 19 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals , while Mason Plumlee provided 10 points , seven rebounds and two assists of his own off the pine . On deck for Denver is a home matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 23 - 9 ) have now won eight of their last 10 games , as they continue to add to the record books . Kawhi Leonard once again led the way , as he accumulated 29 points , 14 rebounds and four assists . Delon Wright finished second on the team , totaling 15 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Mason Plumlee finished with 10 points , seven rebounds , two assists and three steals . Torrey on deck for Toronto is a road matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Dallas Mavericks 126 - 118 Tuesday at Pepsi Center . It was a wire - to - wire victory for the Nuggets ( 15 - 9 ) , who have now won two in a row after a five - game losing streak . They were led by Harrison Barnes , who scored a game - high 30 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting in 33 minutes , while DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double of 11 points and 12 rebounds in just 26 minutes . As a team , the Nuggets were hot from behind the arc , hitting 41 percent of their shots from the field , 41 percent from behind the arc and 78 percent of their shots from the free - throw line . For the Mavericks ( 15 - 14 ) , the loss ends a brief two - game winning streak for the team . As for the Mavericks ( 15 - 14 ) , they 've now dropped two straight games after rattling off three straight victories , as the absence of Nikola Jokic ( hip ) has really taken a tole on this team . His replacement , Mason Plumlee , played just 16 minutes and scored 11 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting to go along with nine rebounds . As a team , Dallas shot just 47 percent from the field and made 15 free throws , compared to Dallas 's eight . Up next , the Nuggets will remain home Saturday to take on the Clippers , while the Mavericks will head to Los Angeles Thursday to play the Clippers .
Jamal Murray was the high - point man in the contest , as he led the Nuggets with 31 points on 13 - of - 27 shooting , including 4 - of - 7 from long range , in 11 minutes off the bench . DeMar DeRozan added 15 points , five assists , five rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . Meanwhile , Malik Beasley led the way with 21 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting , to go along with three rebounds and one assist , in 41 minutes . Malik Beasley followed up with 21 points , on 7 - of - 11 shooting , in 25 minutes off the bench , while Bryn White chipped in 13 points , six rebounds , three assists and six steals , in 28 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Spurs shot only 45 percent from the field , compared to Denver 's 45 percent . LaMarcus Aldridge was the high - point man for the Spurs , with 24 , on 11 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , in 40 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for the Nuggets , including Malik Beasley , who finished with 21 points . Bryn Forbes added 13 points , in 24 minutes off the bench . The Spurs will look to build on this win , as they head to Phoenix to face - off against the Suns on Saturday . Meanwhile , the Spurs will look to turn things around in their next game , when they host the Suns on Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the New York Knicks , 115 - 108 , at Pepsi Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 11 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 13 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Denver recording 36 assists to eight turnovers , while New York committed just eight turnovers to their 28 assists . The Nuggets ( 24 - 29 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points , 14 rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - double , accumulating 19 points , 14 rebounds and 15 assists . Kevin Jokić finished with 18 points and 14 rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Luke Kornet was the lone bright spot , as he led the team with 19 points , six rebounds and three steals off the bench . Denver will be off until Friday , when they host the Sacramento Kings for their next game . The Knicks ( 9 - 29 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Malik Beasley led the way , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and five assists . Paul Millsap finished second on the team , collecting 16 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals . Emmanuel Mudiay was the only other Knick in double figures , totaling 15 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Sacramento Kings .
The Denver Nuggets ( 26 - 11 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 18 - 20 ) 123 - 110 on Saturday . Denver came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Nikola Jokic was the star , as he recorded a career - high 39 points , 12 rebounds , six assists and three steals in the win . Paul Millsap also played well , as he tallied 18 points , six rebounds and three assists in the win . They also got some great performances from Bismack Biyombo , who totaled 16 points and 12 rebounds in his best game in a Nuggets uniform . Charlotte has been playing much better recently , but this was a great performance against a potent offense . They shot 46 percent from the field in this game , while holding the Hornets to just 48 percent shooting . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he totaled 39 points and 12 rebounds in the win . Paul Millsap also had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 18 points , six rebounds , three assists and four steals in the win . The Hornets will look to keep up their winning ways against the Houston Rockets on Sunday . The Hornets played this game without Dwayne Bacon , but they did n't miss a beat . Nikola Jokic led the team with 39 points and 12 rebounds , while Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double of his own . Malik Monk had his best game of the season , as he tallied 16 points and three rebounds in just 22 minutes of action . Charlotte will look to bounce back on Sunday against the Phoenix Suns in their next game .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 121 - 100 , at Pepsi Center on Thursday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 50 minutes . Three-point shooting killed the Clippers , as they went 6 - of - 24 from long range , while the Nuggets hit 11 - of - 28 . The Nuggets ( 28 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jamal Murray was the leading scorer , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and two assists . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - double , accumulating 18 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , scoring 18 points on 6 - of - 17 shooting . Mason Plumlee provided a double - double off the bench , totaling 17 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Nuggets is a road matchup against the Phoenix Pistons on Saturday . The Clippers ( 24 - 12 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as their playoff hopes are swiftly floating away . Jamal Murray was the catalyst off the bench , as he led the team with 23 points , six rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Mason Plumlee also recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . Danilo Gallinari made his return from a knee injury to amass 18 points and three rebounds . Denver will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Phoenix Suns .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 116 - 113 , at Pepsi Center on Sunday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Portland blowout , but this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team grabbed a double - digit lead , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Denver going just 12 - of - 22 from long distance , while Portland went just 12 - of - 34 . The Nuggets also dominated the shooting , hitting 56 percent of their shots to the Blazers 45 percent . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Nuggets recording 23 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Trail Blazers committed nine turnovers to 25 assists . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 40 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists on 15 - of - 23 from the field . Damian Lillard was second on the team , finishing with 26 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other starter in double figures , collecting 12 points , eight rebounds , four assists , three steals and two blocks . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Monday . The Trail Blazers ( 26 - 18 ) had won four of 12 headed into this game , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . Damian Lillard led the team in scoring , accruing 26 points , four rebounds and seven assists . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , totaling 24 points , four rebounds and three assists . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 12 points , eight rebounds , four assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Denver Nuggets 142 - 111 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Warriors ( 30 - 14 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Kevin Durant led the way with a game - high 31 points on 21 - of - 19 shooting from the field . Kevin Durant added 27 points , four rebounds and six assists , while Nikola Jokic scored 17 points to go with four rebounds and eight assists . Stephen Curry finished with a game - high 31 points on sizzling 10 - of - 18 shooting , including 8 - of - 13 from long range . Kevin Durant followed up with 27 points , while Draymond Green neared a triple - none with four points , six rebounds and 13 assists . Golden State shot an impressive 60 percent from the field and knocked down 21 - of - 10 three - point attempts . Jamal Murray was the only other player to score in double digits for Denver , as he chipped in 21 points , to go along with three rebounds and four assists . The only other player to score in double digits for the Nuggets was Jamal Murray , who finished with 21 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , including 4 - of - 7 from long range . The only other player to score in double figures for Denver was Will Barton , who finished with 11 points , to go along with eight rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets now have a couple days off before they play host to the Bulls on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 30 - 14 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 10 - 35 ) 135 - 105 on Thursday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their shooting , as they shot 52 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range in their win . Denver also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Bulls 45 . The Nuggets also shot 52 percent from the field , while holding the Bulls to 47 percent on their end . The Nuggets have been playing some great ball recently , but this is a baffling loss against a struggling Nuggets team . Robin Lopez was a beast in this game , as he scored 17 points and grabbed six rebounds in the win . Nikola Jokic also played well , as he amassed 18 points , eight rebounds and 11 assists in the defeat . The Nuggets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Miami Heat on Saturday in their next game . Denver has been playing some great ball as of late and they appear unbeatable at home . They are now 2 - 8 at home and allowing them to escape with a win against a potent Bulls team . The Bulls will look to bounce - back when they take on the Miami Heat on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back set . The Nuggets had to play this game without Nikola Jokic and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to pull out the tough win . Jamal Murray was the star of the show , as he totaled 25 points , two rebounds and five assists in the win . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double off the bench , as he totaled 10 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for Chicago is a matchup with the Miami Heat on Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Cavaliers , 124 - 80 , at Pepsi Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 10 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 10 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Denver recording eight more assists than Cleveland , while committing 12 less turnovers . The Nuggets ( 31 - 14 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points , 11 rebounds and 0 assists . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - triple , accumulating 19 points , 11 rebounds and 12 assists . Paul Millsap was the only other starter with more than 10 points , as he accrued 14 points , five rebounds and two steals . Trey Lyles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Denver will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Utah Jazz for their next game . Cleveland ( 9 - 38 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jamal Murray was the lone bright spot , as he led the team with 26 points and five assists . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - triple , as he collected 19 points , 11 rebounds and 12 assists . Paul Millsap finished with 14 points , five rebounds , two steals and two steals . Trey Lyles was a nice spark off the bench , recording 16 points , six rebounds and four assists . Denver will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Utah Jazz .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 132 - 95 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Nuggets defense was especially bad , as they shot 50 percent from the field , 79 percent from the free - throw line and 42 percent from three - point range . The turnover differential was huge as well , with the Nuggets recording 26 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Suns committed 15 turnovers to 20 assists . Phoenix had one of their best offensive games of the season , going 50 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . Devin Booker led the Suns in scoring , as he dropped 35 points , four rebounds and two assists . Josh Bender was n't far behind , as he accumulated 14 points , five rebounds and two assists . Malik Beasley led the bench with 19 points and five rebounds . Kelly Barton and Mason Plumlee were huge off the bench , as Beasley provided 19 points and 12 rebounds off the bench . Denver ( 11 - 15 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this 95 - point effort only adds to those deficiencies . Paul Millsap was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 8 from the field . Josh Bender was second on the team , as he accrued 14 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 13 points , while Trey Lyles led the bench with 13 points . On deck for Phoenix is a road matchup versus the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . The Nuggets ( 32 - 15 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to add to the record books . Paul Millsap led the way for Phoenix , as he accrued 20 points , nine rebounds , two assists and three steals . Josh Bender was second on the team , as he accrued 14 points , five rebounds and two assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . On deck for Denver is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Nuggets Nuggets 126 - 100 at Pepsi Center on Saturday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . There were 15 ties and 10 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 15 points . Free-throw shooting was the difference for Denver , as they went 22 - of - 29 from the charity stripe , while the Nuggets went 13 - of - 15 . Both teams shot well , as the Nuggets shot 51 percent from the field and the Nuggets hit 46 percent of their shots . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - double in the win , as he collected 32 points , 18 rebounds and 10 assists . Ben Simmons was second on the team , providing 19 points and 12 rebounds off the bench . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - triple , amassing 32 points , 18 rebounds and 10 assists . Mason Plumlee finished with 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . Ben Simmons was huge off the bench , providing 19 points and 12 rebounds . On deck for the Nuggets is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday . Denver ( 33 - 15 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . Nikola Jokic led the team in scoring , as he dropped 32 points and 18 rebounds on 12 - of - 22 from the field . Mason Plumlee was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . Mason Plumlee was the only other Nugget in double figures , as he totaled 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . Denver 's next game will be on Monday , when they host the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Denver Nuggets ( 36 - 15 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 29 - 22 ) 136 - 122 in double - overtime on Friday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their shooting , as they shot 62 percent from the field and 45 percent from three - point range in an efficient night . The key for Denver was the free - throw shooting , as they went 20 - for - 23 , with the Rockets going just 16 - for - 21 . Houston came into this game losing four of their last five and this was a much needed win against some good competition . James Harden was fantastic , as he tallied 30 points , six rebounds and nine assists . Kenneth Faried was huge off the bench , as he amassed 23 points and six rebounds . The Nuggets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Utah Jazz on Saturday in their next game . Denver has been playing much better lately , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Rockets team . Nikola Jokic had his best game of the season , as he tallied 31 points , 13 rebounds and nine assists . Nikola Jokic was the only other player in double figures , as he amassed 31 points and 13 assists . The Rockets will look to bounce back on Saturday against the Utah Jazz in their next game . This was one of Denver 's best games of the season , as they handled a Rockets team in a much needed win . Chris Paul was the star of the show , as he tallied 30 points , nine assists and six rebounds in the win . Kenneth Faried also had a nice game , as he amassed 23 points and six rebounds off the bench . Up next for Denver is a matchup with the Utah Timberwolves on Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Miami Heat , 103 - 87 , at Pepsi Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were six ties and 16 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . Denver took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring Miami , 29 - 21 . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Nuggets winning that battle , 45 - 47 . Denver also took advantage of the whistle , going 11 - of - 13 from the free - throw line . Miami ( 25 - 30 ) played this game without Duncan and Robinson , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to compete with the Nuggets . Justise Winslow led the way for Miami , as he tallied 15 points , four rebounds and two steals . James Johnson was second on the team , accruing 14 points , six rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Paul Millsap was the only other Nugget in double figures , as he provided 9 points , six rebounds , two assists , two steals and three blocks . Miami will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Sacramento Kings . Denver ( 25 - 18 ) had to play this game without Duncan and Dwyane Wade , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Justise Winslow was the player of the game , as he collected 15 points , four rebounds and two steals on 6 - of - 16 shooting . James Johnson finished second on the team with 14 points , six rebounds , two assists and three blocks , while Paul Millsap accumulated just nine points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Josh Richardson was a huge spark off the bench , providing 12 points and a rebound .
The Denver Nuggets ( 39 - 18 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 30 - 27 ) 120 - 118 on Wednesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nuggets were the superior shooters in this game , going 45 percent from the field and 26 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 45 percent from the floor and just 34 percent from beyond the arc . The Nuggets were also able to force the Kings into 28 turnovers , while committing only 13 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Nuggets were led by Paul Millsap , who went 10 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 25 points , while also adding 13 rebounds over 30 minutes . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 19 points and 19 rebounds . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Marvin Bagley who finished with 20 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and 18 rebounds in 36 minutes . It marked his first double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 13 points and 10 assists . The only other King in double figures was Bogdan Ilyasova , who posted 16 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and four rebounds in 26 minutes . The Kings ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday , while the Kings will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 123 - 96 , at Pepsi Center on Sunday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Denver blowout , but this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Nuggets going 12 - of - 34 from long distance , while the Clippers hit just 3 - of - 21 . Rebounding was key for the Nuggets , as they lost that battle , 56 - 38 . Free-throw shooting really killed the Clippers too , as they went 33 - of - 35 , while the Nuggets hit just 33 - of - 37 from the charity stripe . The Nuggets ( 41 - 18 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to add to the record books . Lou Williams led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 24 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Paul Millsap finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , 16 rebounds , two assists , three steals and two blocks . JaMychal Green amassed 13 points and nine rebounds . On deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Monday . Denver ( 41 - 18 ) had to play this game without Danilo Gallinari and it clearly hurt them down the stretch . Paul Gallinari was the player of the game , as he amassed 19 points , four rebounds and two steals on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , as he scored 19 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . The Nuggets will look to play better on Monday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game .
The Denver Nuggets ( 42 - 18 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 38 - 22 ) 121 - 112 on Tuesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nuggets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Thunder 29 - 26 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Nuggets also shot very well , going 47 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Thunder went 45 percent from the floor and just 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Nuggets also forced the Thunder into 17 turnovers , while committing just 18 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Nuggets were led by Nikola Jokic , who went 11 - for - 25 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 36 points , while also adding nine rebounds and a blocked shot as well . Jokic came just short of a double - double on the season with 22 points ( 11 - 25 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 10 - 13 FT ) , nine rebounds and 10 assists . The double - double was his second in a row , as he 's combined for 40 points and 35 assists over his last two games . Jamal Murray came off the bench for 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) , five rebounds and five assists in 32 minutes . Since joining the Thunder at the trade deadline , he 's averaged 18 points , 4 rebounds , 4 assists and 0 steals over his last three games . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Thursday , while the Thunder will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Denver Nuggets 111 - 104 at Pepsi Center on Thursday . The Jazz ( 35 - 26 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Nikola Jokic , who finished with 16 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists on 5 - of - 15 shooting in 31 minutes . Jamal Murray led the starters with 21 points , to go along with four rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting across 32 minutes . The Jazz ( 35 - 19 ) shot 44 percent from the field , as all five starters scored in double digits to lead the way . Rudy Gobert was the high - point man with 16 points , eight rebounds and four blocks , while Will Barton double - doubled with 21 points and 13 rebounds . Paul Millsap was the only other Jazz player to score in double figures , as he chipped in 15 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . The Nuggets ( 42 - 19 ) were led by Jamal Murray , who scored a team - high 21 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with four assists and four rebounds in 32 minutes . Kyle Korver added 22 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 6 - of - 10 from deep . Rudy Gobert was solid in the middled , as he hauled in 8 rebounds , to go along with 16 points , eight rebounds , four blocks and one assist , in 31 minutes of action .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 36 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 42 - 20 ) 120 - 112 on Saturday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Pelicans got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 27 - 39 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Pelicans also shot the ball very well , going 49 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at 42 percent from the floor and just 28 percent from deep . The Pelicans also forced the Nuggets into 16 turnovers , while committing just 21 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pelicans were led by Nikola Jokic , who went 7 - for - 11 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 20 points , while also adding nine rebounds and two blocked shots . It was a career - high in points for him , as he 's now averaging 20 points per game over his last five games . Julius Randle also had a strong showing , finishing with 28 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 10 FT ) , 10 rebounds and four assists . It marked his third double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 24 points and 12 rebounds . Coming off the bench , Jamal Murray shot 5 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding three rebounds and a steal . He 's combined to go 9 - for - 22 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Saturday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Mason Plumlee added 14 points ( 6 - 6 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and nine rebounds . The Pelicans ' next game will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Monday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Monday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 44 - 22 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 32 - 75 ) 133 - 107 on Tuesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nuggets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Timberwolves 31 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Nuggets were the superior shooters in this game , going 60 percent from the field and 60 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 46 percent from the floor and just 37 percent from deep . The Nuggets were led by the duo of Karl-Anthony Towns and Jamal Murray . Towns went 14 - for - 25 from the field to score 34 points , while adding 10 rebounds and three blocked shots as well . The points were a new season - high for the guard , as it marked just the third time this season that he reached the 13 - point mark . Millsap on the other hand went 8 - for - 12 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding five rebounds in 32 minutes . It was a new season - high in points for him , while the only other player to reach double figures in points was C.J . Williams who chipped in 11 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) and a perfect 0 - for - 0 performance from the free throw line . It was his second straight night with 44 points . The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points was Gary Harris , who finished with 16 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) in 27 minutes . The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 45 - 22 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 41 ) 100 - 99 on Thursday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Nuggets put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key for the Nuggets , as they held the Mavericks to 43 percent shooting and forced them to commit 8 turnovers . Dallas were especially bad , as they shot 43 percent from the field , 76 percent from the free - throw line and 28 percent from three - point range . Denver will have to play again on Saturday , when they take on the Cleveland Cavaliers in the second half of a back - to - back . The Nuggets got that first elusive win , and it came in relatively easy fashion . They had six players who scored at least 11 points , but nobody who scored more than 24 . Paul Millsap led the team with 33 points and went 14 - for - 19 from the field , but also finished with eight rebounds and three assists in the win . Nikola Jokic also played well , as he amassed 11 points , 14 rebounds and eight assists . Jalen players played well , as Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team with 20 points . Dwight Powell had a nice game off the bench , as he amassed 16 points and 10 rebounds . The Mavericks will look to build off this win when they take on the Indiana Pacers on Saturday in their next scheduled game .
The Denver Nuggets ( 46 - 22 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 44 - 26 ) 102 - 100 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Nuggets put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Pacers held the Pacers to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit nine turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with Denver recording 27 assists to just nine turnovers , while Indiana committed 9 turnovers to the Pacers ' 20 . Indiana came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge win . Thaddeus Young was the star , as he tallied 18 points and 10 rebounds in the win . Will Barton also played well , as he amassed 17 points , six rebounds and five assists . Will Barton also had a great game off the bench , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and five assists . The Nuggets will look to bounce back on Monday against the Portland Trail Blazers in their next game . Denver has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Myles Turner had one of his best games of the season though , as he collected 26 points and seven rebounds in the defeat . The bench was spectacular as well , as Jamal Murray , Jamal Murray and C.J . Murray all scored in double figures off the bench . Indiana will look to build off this win when they take on the Boston Celtics on Monday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 50 - 23 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 37 - 37 ) 95 - 92 on Tuesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Pistons got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pistons 27 - 9 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pistons shot the ball well , going 43 percent from the field and 26 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at 35 percent from the floor and just 26 percent from deep . Jamal Murray came off the bench for Denver , as he went 12 - for - 19 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 33 points , while also adding three rebounds and five assists . Including some clutch buckets during the final few minutes of the game , Jackson was a big factor in the win with 17 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , four rebounds and five assists . It was far - and - away his best showing since joining the Pistons at the trade deadline , as he 's now averaging 17 points and 7 assists on the season . Mason Plumlee also had a strong showing , finishing with 10 points ( 5 - 7 FG ) and 12 rebounds in just 22 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 37 rebounds over his last two games . The Pistons also received a huge contribution off the bench from Mason Plumlee . Plumlee went 5 - for - 7 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the free throw line to score 10 points , while also adding 12 rebounds . It was his third double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 13 rebounds over his last two . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the Orlando Rockets on Thursday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Thursday .
The Washington Wizards ( 32 - 46 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 51 - 25 ) 95 - 90 on Sunday . The Wizards came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Nikola Jokic was the star , as he tallied 23 points , 14 rebounds and four assists in the win . Troy Brown led the team in scoring , as he scored 24 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Mason Plumlee had a great all - around game , as he totaled nine points , 11 rebounds and two assists in the defeat . The Nuggets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday in their next game . Denver has been struggling recently , but this game marked a much needed result . Paul Millsap was the player of the game , as he tallied 13 points , 15 rebounds and three assists in the win . Bradley Beal also had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 17 points , six assists , three rebounds and three steals in the win . Mason Plumlee also had a great game , as he amassed nine points , 11 rebounds and two assists . The Wizards have a good chance to bounce - back when they host the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday in their next game . The Wizards played one of their best games of the season here to win their fourth game in their last five . Nikola Jokic had his best game in a Nuggets uniform , as he totaled 23 points , 14 rebounds , four assists and two steals in the win . All five starters scored in double - figures , but it simply was n't enough against a potent offense like the Wizards . The Wizards will look to bounce - back against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 52 - 26 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 45 - 34 ) 113 - 85 on Wednesday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their defense , as they held the Spurs to 38 percent shooting and forced them to commit 11 turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with Denver recording 41 assists to the Spurs 15 . Amazingly , the Nuggets won this game despite going 12 - for - 33 from three - point range , while committing just 14 turnovers . Denver 's defense was the difference in the game , as they went 54 percent from the field , 36 percent from three - point range and 72 percent from the free - throw line . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Nuggets recording 41 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Spurs committed 11 turnovers to just 15 assists . The Spurs ( 52 - 34 ) are now just 1 - 6 in their last 12 games , as they continue to add to the record books . Nikola Jokic led the team in scoring with 20 points and 11 rebounds . DeMar DeRozan was the only other starter with more than 11 points , as he tallied 11 points and three rebounds on 4 - of - 7 from the field . Malik Beasley led the bench with 19 points , a rebound , two assists and a steal . These two teams will have a rematch on Friday in Washington for their next fixture .
The Denver Nuggets ( 53 - 26 ) defeated the Nuggets ( 26 - 67 ) 119 - 100 at Pepsi Center on Friday . Damian Lillard led all scorers with 25 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting , including a perfect 1 - of - 2 from behind the arc to go along with seven assists and four rebounds . Three other players scored in double digits for the Nuggets , including Rodney Hood , who scored 17 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , to go along with three rebounds and three assists , in 28 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Blazers , led by Enes Kanter , who finished with 24 points on 12 - of - 17 shooting , and seven rebounds , in 35 minutes . Damian Lillard struggled shooting , going 3 - 14 from the field but still contributed 14 points , eight assists and four rebounds , in 39 minutes . Al-Farouq Aminu notched a solid double - double of his own , consisting of 12 points and 14 rebounds in 31 minutes , while Evan Turner chipped in 15 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting in 21 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets fell to 1 - 29 on the road and will look to bounce back as they visit the Nuggets on Sunday . The Nuggets will host the Trail Blazers on Sunday , as they will look to solidify its place in the top nine , while the Blazers will face the second night of a back - to - back , in Portland on Sunday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 99 - 95 Wednesday at Pepsi Center . The final score of Wednesday 's contest suggests the game was a lot closer than it actually was , as while the team entered halftime tied up at 50 points each , the Nuggets ( 54 - 28 ) elected to run away with the game in the third period , outscoring the Timberwolves ( 36 - 46 ) by 11 points and holding a lead as large as nine . Minnesota attempted to inch their way back into the game over the course of the final 7 minutes , but it was too little too late for the victory . Andrew Wiggins led the way for the Timberwolves with a game - high 25 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting from the field to go along with five rebounds and four assists in 35 minutes . Nikola Jokic was n't too far behind , recording 29 points and 14 rebounds in 37 minutes , while Cameron Reynolds was the only other Minnesota player to score in double figures , scoring 11 points in 38 minutes off the bench . Offensive struggles continue to haunt the Timberwolves , as they 've failed to score 50 points in each of their last four games . Up next , the Nuggets will remain home Wednesday to take on the 45 - 33 , while the Timberwolves will look to get back on the right track against the Timberwolves on Wednesday . The Nuggets , on the other hand , will continue their homestand on Wednesday as they face the Nuggets .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 111 - 83 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Wednesday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 11 - point margin . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 28 minutes . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Grizzlies to 30 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Pacers recording 29 assists to 20 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed 7 turnovers to 16 assists . The Pacers ( 0 - 1 ) had a tough task here against the Grizzlies and they simply did n't have enough to pull out a road win . Marc Gasol was the player of the game , as he scored a team - high 13 points to go along with six rebounds and three assists . Victor Oladipo was just as good , collecting 16 points , five rebounds and five assists of his own . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in double figures , scoring 11 points on 3 - of - 11 shooting . Memphis will be in action again on Friday in a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks . The Pacers ( 1 - 0 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Memphis , as they had six players score at least 10 points . Bojan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , totaling 19 points and six rebounds on 7 - of - 9 shooting . Victor Oladipo was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , five rebounds and five assists . Domantas Evans recorded a double - double , amassing 14 points and 15 rebounds in the win . The Grizzlies will look to get out of this slide on Friday in a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 132 - 112 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Saturday . The Nets ( 1 - 2 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Nets ( 1 - 2 ) in the middle quarters . Indiana opened the first quarter with a 29 - 29 lead and never relinquished the lead after that , with a Victor Oladipo three - pointer with two seconds remaining that would have sent the game into the overtime . Indiana was led by a pair of 25 - point efforts from Victor Oladipo and Kyle O'Quinn , with the former also hauling in seven boards and three assists , and the latter hauling in four rebounds , three assists and a block . Kyle O'Quinn paced the bench with 16 points , eight rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal , while Kyle O'Quinn was productive in a reserve role as well , supplying 10 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Nets ( 1 - 2 ) were led by Victor Oladipo 's 25 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists and four steals . Kyle O'Quinn followed with a 16 - point , eight - rebound effort that also included an assist , a steal and two blocks . D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with 12 points , seven assists , six rebounds and a block . Allen Joseph led the second unit with 12 points , three rebounds and a steal . The Pacers head back home to face off with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday night , while the Nets head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Monday evening as well .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 4 - 2 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 4 - 3 ) 103 - 93 on Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . Despite being out - rebounded 50 - 50 , the Trail Blazers were able to out - score the Pacers 50 - 35 in the second half , allowing them to coast to a victory in front of their home crowd . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Victor Oladipo and Darren Collison . Oladipo had a team - high of 21 points ( 9 - 24 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , while also adding seven assists and one steal . He had a very poor shooting performance ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt ) in Sunday 's game against the Nets , so it was good to see him get back on track Monday . Darren Collison also had a solid all - around game . He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding six assists and two steals . He 's combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's averaged 31 points over his last three games . The only other Blazer to reach double figures in points was Thaddeus Young , who had 16 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) in 31 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday , while the Pacers will travel to New York to play the Knicks on Tuesday .
Marcus Morris poured in a career - high 23 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting , including 4 - of - 6 from long range , to go along with six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 21 minutes . Kyrie Irving followed up with 18 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , including 4 - of - 7 from long range , in 21 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic finished with 16 points , three rebounds , three steals and one assist , in 23 minutes , while Jaylen Brown and Jaylen Brown chipped in 12 points each , while Myles Turner finished with 12 points and six rebounds . All five starters scored in double figures for the Celtics , led by Marcus Morris , who finished with 23 points , six rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 32 minutes . Al Horford finished with 14 points , five rebounds , one assist and one block , in 28 minutes , while Bojan Bogdanovic added 16 points off the bench . The only other player to score in double digits for the Celtics was Jaylen Brown , who chipped in 12 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 31 minutes off the bench . The Celtics ' next game is on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Monday , while the Pacers will have a chance to reclaim eighth spot as they face the Rockets in the second game of a back - to - back on Monday , while the Nuggets host the Nuggets on Monday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Indiana Pacers 98 - 94 Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . In Monday 's contest , the Rockets ( 4 - 5 ) were able to pull out a victory on the road against the Pacers ( 7 - 4 ) . Victor Oladipo led the way for Houston , putting up a game - high 28 points on 11 - of - 21 shooting from the field and four - of - 11 shooting from the free - throw line . Domantas Sabonis provided 17 points of his own on 7 - of - 9 shooting , while Clint Capela recorded an 18 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other Indiana player to score in double figures , scoring 11 points on 2 - of - 6 shooting in 30 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic ( 11 ) and James Ennis ( 13 ) round out the six Rockets who scored in double figures , while Tyreke Evans ( 11 ) and James Ennis ( 13 ) were the only other Houston players to score in double figures . For the Pacers , it was a one - man show , as Victor Oladipo led the way with a team - high 28 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 4 - 11 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also adding six rebounds and two assists . Houston 's next contest is on the road against the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night . The Pacers ' next game is on the road Wednesday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Indiana Pacers , 100 - 94 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Wednesday . Philadelphia were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 16 - point margin . The third quarter is where Philadelphia made their mark , as they outscored Indiana , 28 - 21 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Philadelphia recording five more assists than the Pacers , while committing nine less turnovers . The Sixers ( 7 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pacers is just what the doctor ordered . Victor Oladipo was the player of the game , as he led the team with 36 points , six rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 30 from the field . Domantas Sabonis provided 16 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . Robert Covington matched that 13 - point total , adding four rebounds , two steals and two blocks to his tally on 5 - of - 9 shooting . Dario Saric scored 18 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Joel Embiid was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks . Indiana will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Charlotte Hornets . The Pacers ( 7 - 5 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Victor Oladipo led the team in scoring , as he tallied 36 points , six rebounds , seven assists , two steals and three blocks . Domantas Sabonis was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and 11 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic led the bench , as he provided 13 points . Indiana will look to bounce back on Friday in a road matchup with the Miami Heat .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Miami Heat , 99 - 91 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Friday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 15 - point margin . The third quarter is where Indiana really made their mark , outscoring Miami , 22 - 24 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Indiana recording 22 assists to 19 turnovers , while the Heat committed 16 turnovers to just 21 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Indiana hitting 14 - of - 27 from long distance , while Miami went 14 - of - 36 . The Pacers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 47 - 51 . Miami ( 6 - 9 ) had to play this game without Duncan and Duncan was simply too much to overcome . Josh Richardson did n't have a great season though , as he led the team with 28 points , four rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 12 points and 17 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Myles Turner did a great job of filling out the stat sheet with 12 points , seven rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Miami will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks . Indianapolis ( 6 - 9 ) has now won seven of their last 10 games , as they continue to thrive at home . Josh Richardson was the lone bright spot for Miami , as he led the team with 28 points , four rebounds and two assists . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 16 points and six rebounds . Myles Turner amassed 12 points , seven rebounds , four assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 97 - 89 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Saturday . Indiana got out to a hot start early and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers led by 32 at the half , as they never relinquished the lead from there . Defense was key for Indiana , as they held Atlanta to 36 percent from the field ( 31 - of - 87 ) and 28 percent from three - point range ( 12 - of - 29 ) . The Pacers shot 40 percent from the field , 71 percent from the free - throw line and 28 percent from three - point range . The Pacers shot just 40 percent from the field and 28 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Indiana winning that battle , 53 - 41 . Jeremy Lin led the team in scoring , as he tallied 16 points , four rebounds and four assists off the bench . Myles Turner was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 10 points and 10 rebounds on 4 - of - 11 shooting . Dewayne Dedmon led the team in scoring off the bench , as he scored 12 points on 4 - of - 5 shooting . Indiana will look to bounce back on Monday , when they host the Los Angeles Clippers for their next game . Indianapolis ( 10 - 6 ) has been playing some great ball recently , but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team . Myles Turner did all he could to keep the Hawks hanging around , as he accumulated 10 points , 10 rebounds and two assists in the defeat . Atlanta is off until Monday , when they host the Los Angeles Jazz for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Utah Jazz , 121 - 94 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 78 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Jazz to 49 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . The Pacers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Utah , while committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 11 - 6 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Jazz is just what they need to get going . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , scoring a career - high 21 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Domantas Sabonis provided 19 points , nine rebounds and nine assists of his own . Jae Crowder was second on the team in scoring , dropping 14 points and five rebounds . Darren Collison was the only other Utah player in double figures , accumulating 14 points , six rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Utah is a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . The Pacers ( 11 - 6 ) had to play this game without Kyle O'Quinn and that was simply too much to overcome against a hot Jazz team . Bojan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , totaling 21 points and two rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 11 rebounds . Jae Crowder was second on the team , scoring 14 points on 4 - of - 9 shooting . Myles Turner accumulated 12 points , six rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks . On deck for the Jazz is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs survived a wild one as they out - lasted the Indiana Pacers , 111 - 100 , on Friday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . The Spurs ( 9 - 9 ) started out strong with a 23 - point first quarter and led by double - digits for most of the night . Bojan Bogdanovic and Bojan Bogdanovic stepped up for his absence , leading the way with 21 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Domantas Sabonis was the only other starter to score in double digits for the Pacers , as he finished with 12 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . The Spurs ( 11 - 8 ) were led by Bojan Bogdanovic , who scored 21 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting , including a perfect 1 - of - 3 from long distance . Five other players scored in double figures in the blowout win , including DeMar DeRozan , who finished with 17 points , on 7 - of - 13 shooting , in 29 minutes . Bryn Forbes chipped in 19 points , 16 rebounds and four assists , in 9 minutes off the bench . The Spurs shot 51 percent from the field and 48 percent from long range , but struggled from long range , where they hit only 3 - of - 24 . The Pacers will have a couple days rest before they host the Bucks on Saturday . The Pacers will host the Bucks on Saturday , in what will be the second night of a back - to - back for the Spurs .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Chicago Bulls , 96 - 90 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Tuesday . Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds . In fact , after trailing by 11 at the half , the Pacers outscored the Bulls , 68 - 35 , in the second half to pull away . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Pacers winning that battle , 45 - 44 . Indiana also dominated the shooting , hitting 46 percent of their shots to Indiana 's 39 percent . The Pacers also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding differential , 45 - 42 . The Bulls ( 5 - 20 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Pacers is just what the doctor ordered . Darren Collison was the player of the game , as he led the team with 23 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Myles Turner was n't far behind , as he totaled 18 points , 11 rebounds and five blocks . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , six rebounds and two assists . Indiana will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Orlando Pacers . The Bulls ( 14 - 20 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Darren Collison led the way for Indiana , as he tallied 23 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Myles Turner finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , 11 rebounds , three assists , two steals and five blocks . Jabari Parker came off the bench to provide 12 points , eight rebounds and two steals . The Pacers will look to get out of this slide on Friday in a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Sacramento Kings , 107 - 97 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Saturday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 11 - point margin . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 31 minutes . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Kings to 42 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Pacers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Sacramento , while committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 16 - 10 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Kings is just what they need to get going . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he dropped 20 points on 4 - of - 12 from three - point range . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in double figures , dropping 18 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting . Willie Cauley-Stein went just 6 - of - 14 from the field , but finished with 14 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Sacramento will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Indiana Wizards . The Kings ( 13 - 12 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Thaddeus Young led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 13 from the field . Myles Turner finished with nine points , 13 rebounds and four assists . De'Aaron on deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Washington Wizards , 109 - 101 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday . Washington got out to a hot start early and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers led by 17 after the first quarter , as they never relinquished the lead from there . Defense was key for Indiana , as they held Washington to 42 percent from the field ( 37 - of - 88 ) and 33 percent from three - point range ( 10 - of - 30 ) . The Wizards shot 42 percent from the field , while holding the Wizards to 42 percent from the field . Bradley Beal led the Wizards in scoring , as he tallied 30 points , three rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Darren Collison was second on the team , scoring 22 points and dishing out a career - high 17 assists . Thaddeus Young was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a huge spark off the bench , providing 23 points , five rebounds , three steals and three steals . Indiana 's final game is on Wednesday against the Milwaukee Bucks . The Wizards ( 11 - 16 ) had to play this game without John Wall and John Wall , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Pacers team . Myles Turner was the player of the game , as he collected 26 points and 12 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 22 points and seven rebounds . Thaddeus Young recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 113 - 97 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Wednesday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Bucks to 42 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Pacers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Milwaukee , while committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 18 - 10 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bucks is just what they need to get going . Eric Bledsoe led the way for Milwaukee , as he tallied 26 points , six rebounds , six assists and two steals on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Myles Antetokounmpo finished second on the team , totaling 23 points , seven rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Domantas Sabonis started and totaled 12 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Milwaukee will have a quick turnaround , as they host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday for their next game . Milwaukee ( 18 - 9 ) has been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Milwaukee , as they had six players score at least 12 points . Eric Bledsoe led the team in scoring , tallying 26 points , six assists and two steals on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Giannis Antetokounmpo was second on the team , accumulating 23 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the win . Domantas Evans recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for Milwaukee is a road matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the New York Knicks , 110 - 99 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds . In fact , after trailing by 13 at the half , the Pacers outscored the Knicks , 68 - 40 , in the second half to pull away . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Pacers winning that battle , 45 - 44 . The Pacers were lights - out shooting too , hitting 46 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The Knicks ( 9 - 22 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Enes Kanter led the team in scoring , as he dropped 20 points and 15 rebounds off the bench . Emmanuel Mudiay was second on the team , with his 18 points and six rebounds . Kevin Knox was the only other starter with more than four points , as he amassed 15 points and four rebounds on 6 - of - 15 shooting . The Knicks will be in action again on Monday in a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns . The Pacers ( 20 - 10 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Myles Turner was the player of the game , as he collected 24 points , six rebounds and two blocks on 10 - of - 19 shooting . Emmanuel Mudiay finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , two rebounds and six assists . Domantas Young was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points , four rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Knicks is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Indiana Pacers , 92 - 91 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Tuesday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference contenders , both squads left it all on the floor . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with Cleveland outscoring Indiana , 22 - 24 . Efficiency was the key for the Cavaliers , as they shot 42 percent from the field and 77 percent from the free - throw line . The Cavaliers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 51 - 52 . Indiana was led by Domantas Sabonis , who tallied 17 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Domantas Sabonis was a bright spot for Indiana , as he led the team with 17 points and eight rebounds on 7 - of - 9 shooting . Myles Turner recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 10 rebounds and four blocks . Victor Oladipo made his return from a wrist injury to accrue 12 points , five rebounds , five assists and two blocks . The Cavaliers ( 20 - 11 ) have now won nine of their last 12 games , as they continue to thrive at home . Rodney Hood led the team in scoring , as he dropped 17 points , while Bojan Bogdanovic provided 14 points of his own . Thaddeus Young was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 13 points and nine rebounds . Alec Burks led the bench in scoring , dropping 14 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Cleveland will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Charlotte Hornets for their next game . Indiana ( 20 - 23 ) have been dominant at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Larry Nance Jr. led the team in scoring , tallying 15 points , 16 rebounds , six assists and three steals in the loss . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , as he scored 14 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting . Myles Turner recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 10 rebounds and four blocks . Alec Burks led the bench in scoring , dropping 14 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Cleveland will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Toronto Hornets for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Washington Wizards , 105 - 89 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana got out to a hot start early and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers led by 27 at the half , as the Wizards fought all the way back to take a lead with a few minutes left . The key for Indiana was their defense , as they held Washington to 37 percent from the field ( 28 - of - 76 ) and 26 percent from three - point range ( 9 - of - 35 ) . The assist differential was huge as well , with the Pacers doubling up the Wizards , 24 - 21 . Myles Turner carried the load for the Pacers , as he led the team with 18 points and 17 rebounds . Domantas Young was second on the team , finishing with 15 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Chasson Randle was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Washington has a quick turnaround , as they travel to play the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday for their next game . Indianapolis ( 22 - 12 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Myles Turner carried the load for Indiana , as he tallied 18 points , 17 rebounds and two blocks . Victor Oladipo was just as good , totaling 12 points , six rebounds and nine assists . Washington will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday in a home matchup against the Detroit Pistons .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 125 - 88 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Friday . Indiana were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 11 - point margin . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 62 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Detroit to 37 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 22 turnovers . The Pacers ended up shooting 61 percent from the field , while holding the Pistons to just 37 percent . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Pacers recording 33 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Pistons committed 22 turnovers to just 25 assists . The Pacers ( 24 - 12 ) have now won 17 of their last 8 games , as they continue to thrive at home . Domantas Griffin was the player of the game , as he tallied 18 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 12 rebounds . Darren Collison was second on the team , scoring 19 points , adding seven assists to his tally . Andre Drummond recorded a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday . The Pacers ( 16 - 17 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he collected 18 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Darren Collison was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Reggie Bullock was huge off the bench , providing 13 points , three rebounds and seven steals . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Hawks , 116 - 0 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday . Atlanta were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pacers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 46 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Pacers , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Indiana also took advantage of the whistle , going 21 - of - 29 from the free - throw line . Victor Oladipo carried the load , as he scored a game - high 22 points to go along with four rebounds and seven assists . Myles Turner was n't far behind , as he totaled 20 points , eight rebounds and four blocks . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , four rebounds and three assists . Indiana will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Chicago Pacers . The Hawks ( 11 - 25 ) have been plying better with their recent lineup change , but that was n't the case here . Victor Oladipo did all he could for Atlanta , as he led the team with 22 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Domantas Sabonis was second on the team , as he provided 20 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in none figures , as he accrued 16 points , four rebounds and three assists . Indiana will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Chicago Bulls .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Phoenix Suns 131 - 97 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Tuesday . Indiana got out to a hot start in the first quarter and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers led by 32 at the half , as the Suns fought all the way back to take a lead with a few minutes left . The key for Indiana was their defense , as they held Phoenix to 42 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Pacers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Phoenix , while committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 29 - 14 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . T.J. Warren led the way for Phoenix , as he tallied 18 points , four rebounds and two steals on 7 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 20 points , five rebounds and three assists . Myles Turner amassed 18 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for Indiana is a road matchup with the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday . The Suns ( 11 - 34 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Tyreke Evans led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points and four rebounds on 6 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Myles Turner was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points and six rebounds . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 16 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals on 7 - of - 13 from the field . Indianapolis will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday for their next game .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Indiana Pacers , 120 - 96 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday . Philadelphia were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 19 - point margin . The third quarter is where Philadelphia made their mark , as they outscored Indiana , 32 - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Philadelphia recording eight more assists than Indiana , while committing five less turnovers . The Sixers were really let down by their shooting , as they went 40 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . Thaddeus Young was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 27 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Joel Embiid was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 22 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks . Tyreke Evans was a huge spark off the bench , providing 13 points , two rebounds and two steals on 6 - of - 14 shooting . On deck for Philly is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday . The 76ers ( 30 - 16 ) have now won 23 of their last 12 games , as they continue to thrive at home . Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , five rebounds , eight assists and three steals in the defeat . Victor Oladipo was second on the team , finishing with 15 points , two rebounds and seven assists . J.J. Redick collected 20 points , three rebounds and five assists . Myles Turner amassed eight points , 12 rebounds and three blocks .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 111 - 99 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Saturday evening . The Pacers ( 20 - 25 ) came in to Saturday 's contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak , but they were still able to come away with a victory against a struggling Mavericks ( 20 - 25 ) squad that was without starting center Dirk Nowitzki ( illness ) . Indiana got off to a fast start with a 24 - point first quarter , and also outscored the Mavericks by a 59 - 56 margin over the second and third quarters . Dallas was led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from Domantas Evans and Tyreke Sabonis , with the former adding two assists and one steal and the latter supplying three rebounds and two assists . Darren Collison was a distant second with 16 points , three assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block . Dwight Powell was next with a bench - leading 11 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds and two assists . Bojan Bogdanovic supplied a modest nine points , which he complemented with seven boards , three assists , two steals and a block . Dwight Powell led the bench with 11 points , five rebounds and two assists . Tyreke Evans led the way for the visitors with 19 points , two assists and one rebound . Wesley Matthews was right behind him with 17 points , two assists and three rebounds . DeAndre Jordan posted a 15 - point , 16 - rebound double - double that also included one steal . Victor Oladipo tallied 12 points , eight rebounds , six assists and three steals . Dwight Powell led the bench with 11 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Mavericks head back home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Monday evening , while the Mavericks remain home to tangle with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday afternoon .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 120 - 95 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds . In fact , after trailing by 14 at the half , the Pacers outscored the Hornets , 68 - 47 , in the second half to pull away . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Hornets to 40 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . Indiana also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 51 - 44 . Charlotte also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 26 - 4 . The Pacers ( 31 - 15 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to thrive at home . Victor Oladipo was the player of the game , as he tallied 21 points , two rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Bismack Biyombo played well off the bench , totaling 10 points , 11 rebounds and three steals . Darren Collison was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Indiana 's next game will be on Wednesday , when they take on the Memphis Grizzlies on the road . The Pacers ( 22 - 24 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a hungry Indiana team . Kemba Walker led Charlotte in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , four rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Darren Collison was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 19 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 10 points and 11 rebounds on 3 - of - 5 shooting . The Hornets will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Memphis Grizzlies for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Toronto Raptors , 110 - 106 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Indiana were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Pacers outscored the Raptors 35 - 31 in the third quarter . Defense was key for Indiana , as they held Toronto to 41 percent from the field ( 38 - of - 92 ) and 31 percent from three - point range ( 12 - of - 39 ) . The assist differential was huge as well , with the Pacers doubling up the Raptors , 27 - 28 . Indiana also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 48 - 45 . The Raptors ( 36 - 14 ) have now lost nine of their last 13 games , as they continue to thrive at home . Thaddeus Young led Toronto in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Kyle Lowry was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 20 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 14 points , two rebounds and three assists , Fred VanVleet was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , two rebounds and three assists . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday . The Raptors ( 36 - 14 ) had lost six - straight headed into this matchup , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . Thaddeus Young was the player of the game , as he amassed 23 points and 15 rebounds on 11 - of - 19 shooting . Myles Turner finished second on the team , totaling 13 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and four blocks . Pascal Siakam scored a career - high 16 points and added nine rebounds off the bench .
The Golden State Warriors ( 36 - 14 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 32 - 17 ) 132 - 100 on Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Warriors got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pacers 40 - 22 in the first quarter alone . The Warriors were the superior shooters in this game , going 54 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went just 43 percent from the floor and 40 percent from beyond the arc . The Warriors were also able to force the Pacers into 29 turnovers , while committing only 12 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Warriors ' backcourt duo of Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant did it again Monday . Curry went 10 - for - 13 from the field and 6 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 26 points , while also adding three assists . It was his second impressive performance in a row , as he 's combined for 49 points and 30 rebounds over his last two outings . Durant , on the other hand , finished with 16 points ( 7 - 21 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) of his own , to go along with three rebounds and a steal . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 77 points and 13 assists over his last two games . The Warriors also saw some solid contributions off the bench . Aaron Holiday chipped in with 12 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt ) and four assists as well . The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 136 - 94 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Tuesday . The Pacers ( 35 - 19 ) came in to Tuesday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but it was n't for their lack of effort that carried them to a win against the Lakers ( 27 - 27 ) . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the way for the Pacers ( 35 - 19 ) with 24 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , including 4 - of - 10 from behind the arc . Myles Turner was n't too far behind , scoring 22 points in just 22 minutes , while Thaddeus Young recorded a double - double of 12 points and 11 rebounds in just 24 minutes . As a team , the Pacers were hot from behind the arc , hitting 19 of their 34 shots from long range ( 56 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Lakers , it was a night to forget , as the team shot 47 percent from the field and a 56 percent from behind the arc . As for the Lakers ( 27 - 27 ) , they 've now dropped two straight games after rattling off three straight victories , as the absence of Nikola Jokic ( hip ) has really taken a tole on this team . His replacement , Rajon Rondo , managed to record just three points on 1 - of - 3 shooting and zero rebounds in 35 minutes . The Lakers will face the Celtics on Thursday , while the Pacers will face the Clippers in Indianapolis .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 116 - 92 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday evening . The Pacers ( 30 - 26 ) came in to Thursday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Pacers ( 36 - 19 ) eventually entered the fourth quarter with a 66 - 60 lead . However , the Clippers ( 36 - 19 ) refused to go quietly , as they battled back through the first three quarters , outscoring the Clippers ( 30 - 26 ) by a final margin of 58 - 27 over the final 17 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic and Danilo Gallinari led the way for the visitors with matching 29 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , two assists and three steals and the latter supplying seven rebounds , one assist and five steals . Thaddeus Young was a distant second with 14 points , five rebounds , four assists and five steals in his return from a one - game absence . Thaddeus Young totaled 14 points , five boards , four assists and five steals . Cory Joseph was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , nine assists , nine rebounds and one steal . Montrezl Harrell paced the bench with 19 points , one rebound , two assists , two blocks and two steals . Darren Collison was productive with 14 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Cory Joseph was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , six assists , nine rebounds and one steal . Cory Joseph was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , nine rebounds , six assists and one steal . Montrezl Harrell paced the bench with 19 points , one rebound , two assists , two blocks and two steals . Darren Collison was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Danilo Gallinari led the way with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and two blocks . The Pacers head back home to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night , while the Clippers remain home to tangle with the Boston Celtics on Saturday evening .
The Indiana Pacers ( 37 - 19 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 11 - 45 ) 105 - 90 on Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Pacers got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Cavaliers 30 - 17 in the first quarter alone . The Pacers were the superior shooters in this game , going 54 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went just 44 percent from the floor and 44 percent from beyond the arc . The Pacers were also able to force the Cavaliers into 21 turnovers , while committing only 9 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pacers were led by Bojan Bogdanovic , who went 9 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding a rebound on 9 - of - 17 shooting . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 33 points and 31 rebounds over his last two games . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Cory Sexton , who came off the bench for 16 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and four assists in 31 minutes . Considering he 's averaging only 3 points per game on the season , it was a nice surprise for the Pacers . Myles Turner was a big factor in the win , posting 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , eight rebounds and three blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 6 points and 9 rebounds on the year . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Monday , while the Cavaliers will travel to New Orleans to play the Knicks on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 99 - 90 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday . Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds . In fact , after trailing by 12 at the half , the Pacers outscored the Hornets , 68 - 38 , in the second half to pull away . Defense was key for the Pacers , as they held the Hornets to 32 percent from the field and 18 percent from three - point range . Indiana also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 39 - 51 . Myles Turner was a presence , as he led Indiana with 18 points and eight rebounds . Jeremy Collison was second on the team , finishing with 13 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Kemba Walker led the Hornets in scoring , collecting 34 points , three rebounds and three assists . Darren Collison was the only other Pacers player in none figures , as he scored 13 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . The Pacers ( 38 - 19 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 34 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Jeremy Lamb got the start for Batum and finished with 13 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Darren Collison totaled 13 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Cody Zeller totaled 18 points and nine rebounds on 6 - of - 11 shooting . The Pacers will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Orlando Magic . The Pacers ( 38 - 19 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to thrive in Bankers Life Fieldhouse . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he accumulated 34 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 14 points and two assists . Cody Zeller totaled 18 points and nine rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he dropped 14 points .
The Bucks ( 38 - 38 ) defeated the Pacers ( 38 - 20 ) 90 - 97 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Wednesday . With just under two minutes to go in the fourth quarter , Bojan Bogdanovic turned in an impressive shooting performance , putting up 15 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) to go with six rebounds , three assists and one steal in 32 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic contributed 15 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) and six assists . The Bucks now head to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Thursday night . For the Pacers , it was a night of futility . They shot just 42 percent from the field and committed 11 turnovers , compared to Milwaukee 's 11 - of - 15 field goal attempts . Bojan Bogdanovic led the way for Indiana with 20 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3PT , 5 - 6 FT ) and six assists , and George Hill ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 3 3PT , 1 - 1 FT ) and Brook Lopez ( 3 - 3 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt ) scored nine points apiece as well . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Bucks on Thursday , while the Bucks will travel to New Orleans up the road against the Pelicans . The Pelicans will enter the second half of a back - to - back on Thursday against the Pelicans .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 126 - 111 , in overtime at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Friday . The Pacers ( 39 - 20 ) came into Friday 's contest in urgent need of a win , not only to keep pace behind the eighth - seeded Denver Nuggets in the Western Conference , but to also put the considerable bad taste of a 116 - 74 loss to the visiting New Orleans on Thursday night . Wesley Matthews led the way for Indiana with a game - high 24 points , while Bojan Bogdanovic paced the reserves with 20 points over 29 minutes . Cheick Diallo led the way for New Orleans with 16 points , 18 rebounds , an assist and a block , while Bojan Bogdanovic was next with 20 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . Elfrid Payton tallied 15 points , four assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocks , but turned the ball over a game - high 2 turnovers as well . Domantas Young was right behind him with a 18 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and a block . Jrue Collison provided 14 points , four assists , seven rebounds , two steals and a block . Kyle O'Quinn led the bench with eight points , 10 rebounds , three steals and three assists . Wesley Matthews paced the Pacers with 24 points , two rebounds and one steal . Julius Randle followed with 15 points , four boards , two assists and one steal . Tyreke Evans posted a near double - double of 17 points , nine assists , three rebounds , two blocks and two steals . Rookie E'Twaun Moore supplied 12 points , one rebound and one assist over 19 minutes as a reserve . Frank Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , one rebound and one assist . Cheick Diallo led the bench with 16 points , 18 rebounds , one assist and one block in 25 minutes off the bench . Anthony Davis led the way for New Orleans with 15 points , seven rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Julius Randle registered 15 points , four rebounds , two assists and one steal . Darren Collison posted a near double - double with 10 points , a assist and a rebound .
The Indiana Pacers ( 41 - 22 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 29 - 33 ) 122 - 115 on Thursday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Pacers got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Timberwolves 26 - 35 in the first quarter alone . The Pacers were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 59 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 47 percent from the floor and just 31 percent from beyond the arc . The Pacers also forced the Timberwolves into 9 turnovers , while committing just 11 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pacers were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who went 15 - for - 29 from the field and 9 - for - 13 from the free throw line to score a game - high of 42 points , while also adding 17 rebounds in 34 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 31 rebounds over his last two games . T.J. Leaf was the only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and five rebounds . It was his first time reaching the 26 - point mark in the last four games . Coming off the bench , Cory Joseph added eight points ( 3 - 6 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and 12 assists as well . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Sunday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Saturday .
The Orlando Magic ( 30 - 34 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 41 - 23 ) 117 - 112 on Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Magic got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pacers 27 - 27 in the first quarter alone . The Magic were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went just 55 percent from the floor and 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Magic were also able to force the Pacers into 27 turnovers , while committing only nine of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Magic were led by Nikola Vucevic , who went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and a blocked shot as well . It marked his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 19 points and 8 rebounds per game . While he was able to get to the free throw line six times , Collison was able to convert on 5 - of - 7 attempts from the free throw line . Evan Fournier also played well , scoring 19 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and dishing out eight assists . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 55 points and 8 assists over his last two games . The Magic 's next game will be on the road against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday , while the Pacers will travel to Chicago to play the Bulls on Tuesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 42 - 23 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 18 - 47 ) 105 - 96 on Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Pacers got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Bulls 27 - 17 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pacers were the superior shooters in this game , going 45 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went 39 percent from the floor and just 16 percent from deep . Zach LaVine led the way for the Bulls , finishing with 27 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and three assists . It was a season - high in points for LaVine , who 's only reached double figures in points in three out of his last four games . Also playing a big factor in the win was Darren Collison , as he went 7 - for - 10 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 22 points . It was a nice bounce back game for Bogdanovic after scoring only eight points on Tuesday against the Bucks , so it was a nice bounce back game for him . Notching a double - double , Myles Turner finished with 10 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 24 rebounds over his last two games . The Pacers ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday , while the Bulls will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 43 - 25 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 13 - 55 ) 103 - 98 on Tuesday . The Pacers have now won four straight and are determined to stay in competition for a playoff spot in the East . DeAndre Jordan was a monster in the loss , as he finished with 12 points and 16 rebounds in 35 minutes . Emmanuel Mudiay led the way with 21 points , while DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double of 12 points and 16 rebounds . The Pacers will embark on a four - game road trip that begins Thursday against the Oklahoma City Thunder . New York has dropped two straight games . They shot just 44 percent from the field and 46 percent from beyond the arc , while also giving up 19 easy points on 19 turnovers Tuesday . Emmanuel Mudiay had a solid game as well with 16 points and nine assists , but shot a woeful 7 - for - 14 from the field . The Pacers will travel to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Friday , as the Pacers will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday for a second half of a back - to - back set , the Pacers will have a day of rest before hosting the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday in the second installment of a back - to - back set . The Pacers got an impressive performance from Bojan Bogdanovic , who scored 24 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting to go along with four rebounds and four assists in 36 minutes . The Pacers will continue their road trip against the San Antonio Spurs on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 108 - 106 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday . Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds . In fact , after trailing by 11 at the half , the Pacers outscored the Thunder , 68 - 37 , in the second half to pull away . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Pacers winning that battle , 39 - 20 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing three less turnovers . The Pacers ( 44 - 25 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Paul George was the player of the game , as he tallied 36 points , six rebounds , five assists and two steals on 10 - of - 23 from the field . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 23 points , four rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams accrued 17 points and eight rebounds . Darren Collison was the only other Pacers player in triple figures , as he accumulated 17 points , six rebounds , seven assists and four steals . Oklahoma City 's next game is on Saturday against the Denver Nuggets . The Thunder ( 42 - 27 ) had won four - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Domantas Sabonis was a bright spot for the Pacers , as he led the team with 26 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 23 points , four rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams amassed 17 points and eight rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup with the Golden State Warriors on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 45 - 29 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 49 - 23 ) 124 - 88 on Sunday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Pacers got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 27 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pacers shot the ball well , going 56 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at 35 percent from the floor and just 24 percent from deep . Behind a strong performance from Nikola Jokic , Bojan Bogdanovic led the team in scoring , recording a team - high of 35 points ( 13 - 16 FG , 5 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , while also adding six rebounds and a steal . Considering he 's only averaging 15 points per game so far this season , it was a nice surprise for the Pacers , as he 's only averaging 17 points per game so far this season . Will Barton had a strong showing as well , going 6 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while adding three rebounds as well . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 25 points and 17 rebounds over his last two games . Will Barton chipped in with 15 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) and three rebounds as well . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Indiana Pacers , 121 - 116 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Saturday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Pacers 24 - 24 in the third quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Magic recording 37 assists to seven turnovers , while the Pacers committed 15 turnovers to just 26 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Orlando hitting 15 - of - 38 from long distance , while Indiana went just 9 - of - 24 . The Pacers ( 45 - 39 ) are now tied with the Washington Wizards for the three - seed in the East , as this loss could cause complications for playoff positioning . Aaron Gordon led the team in scoring , as he dropped 23 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Myles Turner recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 12 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , scoring 22 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Myles Turner recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 16 points , 12 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Pacers is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Monday . The Pacers ( 45 - 32 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Darren Collison was the player of the game , as he accumulated 24 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Myles Turner amassed 16 points , 12 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he dropped 22 points .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 111 - 100 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday evening . The Pacers ( 46 - 32 ) have had difficulty finding any measure of consistency overall , with one notable exception - - their performance at home . Indiana had managed a 26 - 15 record at Bankers Life Fieldhouse heading into Monday , and the trend of superior play in their familiar digs held true once again versus the Pistons ( 39 - 38 ) . Wayne Ellington led the way for the visitors with 26 points , two assists and two rebounds . Reggie Jackson was right behind him with a 22 - point , four - assist , six - assist outing that also included a pair of steals . Domantas Evans provided 13 points , three rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Aaron Holiday supplied 10 points , five assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Doug McDermott provided 11 points , two rebounds and two assists off the bench as well . Wayne Ellington paced the bench with 26 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists and one block . Andre Drummond and Bojan Bogdanovic followed with a pair of 18 - point efforts , with the former also hauling in 17 rebounds , five assists and four blocks , and the latter registering seven boards , six assists and three steals . Myles Turner had a near double - double with 17 points , six rebounds , three blocks , three steals and one block . Tyreke Evans matched Sabonis 's point total and added three rebounds , three assists and one block . Andre Drummond posted a 18 - point , 17 - rebound double - double that also included five assists and four steals . Doug McDermott was productive in a reserve role as well with 11 points , two rebounds and two assists . Thaddeus Young paced Detroit with 19 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond posted a 18 - point , 17 - rebound double - double that also included five assists and four steals . Bojan Bogdanovic turned in 19 points , six assists , seven rebounds and three steals . Doug McDermott registered 11 points , two rebounds and two assists . The Pacers travel to Detroit to take on the Pacers on Wednesday night , while the Pistons head to Detroit to take on the Pacers on Wednesday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Indiana Pacers , 117 - 97 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Friday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Celtics pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Indiana to 41 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . The Celtics also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 45 . Myles Turner led the way for Indiana , as he tallied 15 points and seven rebounds . Gordon Hayward finished with 21 points , four rebounds and two assists . Domantas Sabonis was huge off the bench , providing 12 points , six rebounds and three assists . On deck for the Pacers is a road matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday . The Celtics ( 48 - 32 ) have now lost five of their last six games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . Myles Turner led Indiana in scoring , as he collected 15 points , seven rebounds and two steals . Kyrie Irving finished with 17 points , three rebounds and six assists . Al Horford accumulated 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Domantas Sabonis came off the bench to provide 12 points , six rebounds and three steals . Boston will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Orlando Magic .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Indiana Pacers , 108 - 96 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds . In fact , after trailing by 11 at the half , the Nets outscored the Pacers , 68 - 40 , in the second half to pull away . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Nets winning that battle , 52 - 33 . The Nets also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 52 - 33 . D'Angelo Russell led the way for Indiana , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and six assists . Joe Harris was second on the team , as he provided 19 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . Domantas Sabonis was the lone bright spot for Indiana , as he led the team with 17 points and 12 rebounds . Caris LeVert was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points , five rebounds and two assists . Domantas Sabonis was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and two rebounds . On deck for Indiana is a road matchup against the revived Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday . The Nets ( 41 - 40 ) are now just 0 - 7 across their last 8 games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season . Domantas Sabonis was Indiana 's best player , as he collected 17 points , two rebounds and four assists . Joe Harris finished second on the team with 19 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . Bojan Bogdanovic was huge off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Nets will play the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday for their next game .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Sacramento Kings , 149 - 129 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . The Pelicans were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pelicans pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 45 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Sacramento to 52 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Sacramento , despite committing nine less turnovers . The Kings ( 0 - 2 ) continue to blitz opponents with their up - tempo offense , and the Kings simply could n't get anything going on Friday . Willie Cauley-Stein had one of the best games of his career , as he led the Kings with 20 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Julius Randle recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 14 rebounds . Buddy Hield had his best game in a Kings uniform , scoring 17 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Elfrid Payton went just 5 - of - 7 from the field , but finished with 11 points , six rebounds and six assists . New Orleans will be in action again on Sunday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Kings ( 2 - 0 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Nikola Mirotic led the team in scoring , dropping 20 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Julius Randle recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 14 rebounds . Elfrid Payton was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 11 points , six rebounds and six assists . The Kings next game will be on Sunday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 116 - 109 , at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 5 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 34 points . Three-point shooting killed the Clippers , as they went 5 - of - 20 from long range , while New Orleans went 6 - of - 20 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with New Orleans committing 16 turnovers to 22 assists , while Los Angeles committed 16 turnovers to just 18 assists . The Pelicans ( 3 - 0 ) had a tough task here without Jahlil Okafor and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Pelicans bunch . Tobias Harris led the way for Los Angeles , as he provided 26 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , seven rebounds , six assists and three steals . Julius Randle was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points and five rebounds . The Clippers ( 2 - 2 ) had a tough task here against a shorthanded Clippers team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this matchup . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , seven rebounds , six assists and three steals . Julius Randle was the only other T'Wolf in double - figures , collecting 18 points and 12 rebounds . New Orleans will play the Houston Rockets for their next game on Friday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 117 - 115 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . Despite there being just five ties and six lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Pelicans going 9 - of - 23 from long distance , while the Nets hit just 19 - of - 40 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with New Orleans committing 18 turnovers to 23 assists , while the Nets committed 18 turnovers to just 26 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with the Pelicans hitting just 19 - of - 40 from long distance , while Brooklyn went 19 - of - 40 . The Nets ( 2 - 3 ) had a tough task here in a back - to - back set , but they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out a big road win . Jrue Holiday was the player of the game , as he collected 26 points , three rebounds and five assists on 9 - of - 19 shooting . Anthony Davis finished with 18 points , 14 rebounds , three assists , four steals and five blocks . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 17 points , five rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday . The Nets ( 2 - 3 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . D'Angelo Russell continued his stretch , as he led the team with 24 points , five rebounds and four assists . Caris LeVert was second on the team , as he provided 21 points , six rebounds and four assists off the bench . Caris LeVert led the bench in scoring , as he accrued 21 points , six rebounds and four assists . E'Twaun Moore led the bench in scoring , providing 15 points and four rebounds . The Nets will host the Golden State Warriors on Saturday for their next game .
The Utah Jazz defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 132 - 111 , at Smoothie King Center on Saturday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Utah offense was lights - out , as they shot 52 percent from the field , 81 percent from the free - throw line and 31 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Jazz outscoring the Pelicans , 36 - 18 , in that quarter . Both teams really struggled shooting , as they both hit just 42 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans ( 4 - 1 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . Nikola Mirotic led the team in scoring , as he dropped 25 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 18 shooting off the bench . Jrue Holiday was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 18 points , two rebounds and six assists . Julius Randle was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he accumulated 12 points , three rebounds and four blocks . Utah will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets . Utah ( 3 - 2 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Nikola Mirotic led the way , as he tallied 25 points and eight rebounds . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 18 points , two rebounds and six assists . Jrue Holiday accrued 18 points , two rebounds , six assists and two blocks . Dante Exum was huge off the bench , providing 11 points and two assists .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Chicago Bulls , 107 - 98 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were 15 ties and 15 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than seven points . The key for New Orleans was their rebounding , as they brought down 55 boards to the Bulls 46 . The Pelicans also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding battle , 55 - 46 . Anthony Davis carried the load for the Pelicans , as he tallied 32 points and 15 rebounds . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 17 points , 10 rebounds , nine assists and two blocks . Julius Randle was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 12 points and five rebounds . Justin Holiday led the bench in scoring , dropping 17 points , one rebound and two assists off the bench . The Pelicans will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers . New Orleans ( 5 - 9 ) has been playing their best ball of the season recently and this win only adds to that success . Zach LaVine led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds and four assists . Wendell players on the other hand shot under 38 percent from the field . Zach LaVine led the starters , as he totaled 22 points , five rebounds and four assists . Jrue Holiday accrued 17 points , nine rebounds , nine assists , two steals and two blocks . Justin Holiday was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , a rebound , two assists , three steals and two blocks . On deck for the Pelicans is a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Phoenix Suns , 119 - 99 , at Smoothie King Center on Saturday . In a battle between two struggling teams , New Orleans took it to the struggling Sixers . The Pelicans offense was especially efficient , as they shot 49 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Pelicans , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 36 minutes . Defense was key for the Pelicans , as they held the Suns to 41 percent from the field , 95 percent from the free - throw line and 28 percent from three - point range . New Orleans also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 54 - 37 . T.J. Warren led the way for Phoenix , as he tallied 25 points , five rebounds , two steals and three blocks . Devin Booker finished second on the team , finishing with 12 points , one rebound and seven assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points and 12 rebounds on 9 - of - 12 shooting . The Suns ( 2 - 10 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Pelicans team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Anthony Davis did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 26 points , 13 rebounds and six assists . Jrue Holiday was n't far behind , as he accrued 19 points , six rebounds , nine assists and three steals in the win . E'Twaun Moore was the only other starter in double figures , providing 17 points and two assists . New Orleans will play the Toronto Raptors for their next game on Monday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the New York Knicks , 129 - 124 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with New Orleans winning that quarter , 38 - 32 . Defense was key for New Orleans , as they held the Knicks to 49 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 54 - 44 . Anthony Davis led the way for New Orleans , as he collected 43 points , 17 rebounds and five assists . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 24 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Julius Randle was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 19 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . New Orleans will be in action again on Sunday in a road matchup against the Orlando Magic . The Pelicans ( 8 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Anthony Davis continued his amazing form , as he led the team with 43 points , 17 rebounds and five assists on 16 - of - 25 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , as he accrued 24 points , four rebounds and 10 assists in 35 minutes of action . Nikola Mirotic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 12 points , 10 rebounds and four steals . New Orleans will play the Orlando Magic on Saturday for their next game .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Denver Nuggets 125 - 115 at Smoothie King Center on Saturday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and four lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 20 minutes . Three-point shooting killed the Nuggets , as they went 15 - of - 39 from long distance , while the Pelicans went 10 - of - 25 . The Pelicans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Pelicans ( 9 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Anthony Davis continued his amazing form , as he led the team with 40 points , eight rebounds and eight assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , three rebounds , eight assists and three steals in the win . Juan Hernangomez recorded a 20 - point , 15 - rebound , two - assist double - double . Juan Hernangomez also played well off the bench , providing 13 points , five rebounds and four assists . New Orleans will play the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday for their next game . New Orleans ( 10 - 6 ) had to play this game without Jahlil Okafor ( knee ) , but they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Pelicans team . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 25 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Gary Harris was second on the team , as he accrued 24 points , five rebounds and four assists . Juan Hernangomez recorded a 20 - point , 10 - rebound double - double off the bench . New Orleans will look to keep rolling on Monday against the San Antonio Spurs .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 140 - 126 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . San Antonio were expected to win this game easily and they took care of business in this 6 - point win . The Pelicans really took it to the Spurs in the second half , as they outscored the Spurs , 40 - 29 , in the second half . The Pelicans offense was on point , shooting 58 percent from the field , 51 percent from three - point range and recording 34 assists . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with New Orleans winning that battle , 42 - 44 . The Pelicans also took care of the boards , winning the rebounding battle , 42 - 44 . The Spurs ( 8 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his tear , as he led the team with 21 points , six rebounds and five assists . Bryn Forbes finished second on the team , collecting 24 points , three rebounds and four assists . Jrue Holiday accrued 21 points , four rebounds , nine assists and two steals . No other player on the roster had more than 13 points , five rebounds or three assists . On deck for San Antonio is a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday . The Pelicans ( 10 - 7 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . DeMar DeRozan continued his good form though , as he led the team with 21 points , six rebounds and five assists . Bryn Forbes finished second on the team , totaling 24 points , two rebounds and four assists . Dante Cunningham was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points and seven rebounds . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 124 - 107 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were 13 ties and 13 lead changes in this overtime thriller . In addition , neither team led by more than 14 points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over Monday . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Boston going 19 - of - 39 from long distance , while the Pelicans went just 12 - of - 32 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording five more assists than the Pelicans , while committing three less turnovers . The Celtics ( 11 - 10 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pelicans is just what the doctor ordered . Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he tallied 26 points , five assists and five steals . Nikola Mirotic was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 25 points and five rebounds . Julius Horford was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 20 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals . The Celtics ' next game will be on Friday , when they host the Washington Wizards . New Orleans ( 11 - 11 ) has now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the east . Kyrie Irving did all he could for New Orleans , as he led the team with 26 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . Marcus Morris totaled 19 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . Julius Randle amassed 15 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . On deck for the Pelicans is a road matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Washington Wizards 125 - 104 Wednesday at Smoothie King Center . It was a complete team effort for the Pelicans ( 11 - 11 ) , as they managed to grab a lead in the first quarter and never let go . It was n't all drama - free however , as Anthony Davis left in the middle of the game with a hand sprain , but he was able to return shortly after . The superstar big man finished with 28 points and 28 in the fourth quarter , while Kelly Oubre Jr. led the way for the Wizards , scoring a team - high 22 points in 34 minutes off the bench . As a team , it was n't the most impressive shooting night for the Pelicans , as they shot just 48 percent from the field and 31 percent from behind the arc . For the Wizards , it was a night to forget , as the team shot just 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from behind the arc . Only two Wizards players scored in double figures , with Markieff Morris leading the way with 29 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting from the field . John Wall struggled from the field ( 6 - 13 , but still finished with 17 points , seven assists and five rebounds . Nikola Mirotic was a bright spot , as he came off the bench to score 15 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting and grabbing nine rebounds . Up next , the Pelicans will head home Friday to take on the Heat , while the Wizards will stay home Friday to play the 76ers .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans , 129 - 126 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Clippers defense was especially good , as they shot 59 percent from the field , 77 percent from the free - throw line and 40 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Clippers outscoring the Pelicans , 41 - 36 . Los Angeles was lights - out from the field , shooting 59 percent from the field , 40 percent from three - point range and 68 percent from the free - throw line . The Clippers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 39 - 35 . The Clippers ( 12 - 13 ) got some great performances from their stud players , but it simply was n't enough with a lack of production from their `` others `` . Julius Randle led the team in scoring , totaling 37 points and eight rebounds on 15 - of - 24 from the field . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 32 points , four rebounds and 14 assists on 12 - of - 23 shooting . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 14 points , three rebounds and two assists on 5 - of - 9 shooting . The Pelicans will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game . The Clippers ( 16 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Jrue Holiday was the player of the game , as he collected 32 points , four rebounds , 14 assists and four steals . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 32 points , four rebounds , 14 assists and four steals . Lou Williams was the only other starter in double figures , dropping 20 points and adding six assists . On deck for New Orleans is a road matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 132 - 106 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two inept offenses , the Pelicans were able to prevail with a much - needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Pelicans outscored the Mavericks 28 - 26 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for New Orleans , as they held Dallas to 43 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 13 - 13 ) have been struggling on the offensive end this season and this blowout loss only adds to those struggles . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , as he dropped 16 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Dwight Powell recorded a nice game off the bench , as he totaled 12 points and 10 rebounds . Anthony Davis led the team in scoring , as he accrued 27 points , four rebounds , nine assists , two steals and five blocks . Dwight Powell recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 12 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Saturday . The Pelicans ( 13 - 13 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , dropping 16 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting . Dwight Powell recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points , 10 rebounds and two blocks . Wesley Matthews led the team in scoring , as he dropped 15 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting . Dwight Powell recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 12 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Mavericks is a road matchup against the Houston Rockets on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 107 - 103 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Pelicans to 45 percent from the field and 24 percent from three - point range . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than New Orleans , while committing five less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 15 - 9 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pelicans is just what they need to get going . JaMychal Green was the player of the game , as he led the team with 24 points , eight rebounds and two steals on 9 - of - 12 shooting . Kyle Holiday was second on the team , totaling 20 points , five rebounds and 11 assists . Marc Gasol was the only other Pelicans player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , six rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Grizzlies is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday . The Pelicans ( 13 - 14 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . JaMychal Green did all he could though , leading the team with 24 points and eight rebounds . Kyle Holiday was second on the team , totaling 20 points , five rebounds and 11 assists . Marc Gasol was the only other Pelicans player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , six rebounds and four assists . The Pelicans will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Los Angeles Lakers .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 118 - 114 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were 17 ties and 17 lead changes in this overtime thriller . In addition , neither team led by more than seven points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 50 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with New Orleans going 4 - of - 18 from long range , while the Thunder went 13 - of - 43 . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing six less turnovers . The Pelicans ( 15 - 15 ) have now lost eight of their last 9 games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Paul George was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points , 11 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Jrue Holiday was n't far behind , finishing with 20 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . Steven Adams scored 20 points and grabbed six boards en route to a double - double . The Thunder will be off until Friday , when they host the Miami Heat for their next game . The Thunder ( 17 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 9 tries . Julius Randle led the way in scoring , as he collected 22 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . Russell Westbrook was n't far behind , accumulating 20 points , six rebounds , seven assists and four blocks . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 20 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Miami Heat .
The Miami Heat defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 102 - 96 , at Smoothie King Center on Sunday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Heat , as they led by double - digits for the final 40 minutes . Rebounding was key , with the Heat winning that battle , 57 - 38 . The Heat also dominated the shooting , hitting 42 percent of their shots , while holding the Pelicans to just 41 percent from the field . The Heat also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 57 - 38 . Anthony Davis led the Pelicans with 27 points and 12 rebounds . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , two rebounds , four assists and three steals . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks . New York will play the Houston Rockets on Thursday for their next game . New Orleans ( 15 - 16 ) had won four - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Anthony Davis was the player of the game , as he amassed 27 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks on 10 - of - 19 shooting . Dwyane Wade finished second on the team with 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Julius Randle totaled 17 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Tyler Johnson was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , a rebound , two assists and two steals . On deck for the Heat is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 114 - 112 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for New Orleans , as Dallas led by at least 34 points for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was key , with the Pelicans shooting 46 percent from the field and 17 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with New Orleans winning that battle , 49 - 42 . The Pelicans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Dallas , while committing three less turnovers . The Pelicans ( 16 - 20 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Anthony Davis carried the load , as he tallied 48 points , 17 rebounds and four assists . Harrison Barnes was second on the team , finishing with 21 points , five rebounds and two steals . DeAndre Jordan scored just nine points , but added 15 rebounds and four blocks . Jrue Holiday accrued 18 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . New Orleans will be in action again on Sunday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Pelicans ( 16 - 20 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Anthony Davis was spectacular , as he accumulated 48 points , 17 rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Julius Randle was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 22 points and 2 rebounds on 9 - of - 19 shooting . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 18 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . The Mavericks will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday for their next game .
Julius Randle led the way for the Pelicans with 23 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting , along with 11 rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block , in 32 minutes . Eric Gordon followed up with 21 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , including 2 - of - 5 from long range , in 37 minutes . Jrue Holiday was solid with 20 points , nine assists , six rebounds , one steal and one block , in 41 minutes . Meanwhile , James Harden led the way for the Rockets , with 41 points on 10 - of - 25 shooting , along with nine rebounds , six assists , three steals and two blocks , in 37 minutes . Three other players scored in double digits for the Pelicans , including E'Twaun Moore , who chipped in 21 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Austin Rivers added 10 points , while Austin Rivers chipped in 10 points on 4 - of - 12 shooting . As a team , the Pelicans shot 9 - of - 28 from downtown and only 9 - of - 28 from downtown . Next , the Pelicans will visit the Timberwolves on Monday , as they will look to avoid a third straight loss . New Orleans will look to bounce back as they face the second night of a back - to - back , in order to see the second game of a back - to - back , when they play host to the Timberwolves on Monday , for their second game in as many nights .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 123 - 114 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The New Orleans Pelicans shot lights out , as they went 52 percent from the field , 90 percent from the free - throw line and 56 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with New Orleans outscoring the Timberwolves , 29 - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with New Orleans recording 28 assists to 15 turnovers , while Minnesota committed just 15 turnovers to 29 assists . The Timberwolves ( 17 - 20 ) had to play this game without Anthony Davis and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Julius Randle was the player of the game , as he totaled 33 points and 10 rebounds on 13 - of - 23 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , totaling 26 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Taj Gibson came off the bench to provide 17 points , five rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 6 shooting . The Timberwolves will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Boston Celtics . New Orleans ( 17 - 20 ) has been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Karl-Anthony Towns led the way , as he collected 28 points and 17 rebounds . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 26 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Jrue Holiday accrued 26 points and eight assists . Darius Miller came off the bench for disciplinary issues and finished with 21 points , three rebounds and three assists . Minnesota will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Boston Celtics for their next game .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 114 - 95 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were 14 ties and 14 lead changes in this overtime thriller . In addition , neither team led by more than nine points , as it was full of swings . Defense was key for the Pelicans , as they held the Grizzlies to 45 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , despite committing five less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 18 - 22 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Memphis just adds to their impressive resume ' . Mike Conley was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , two rebounds , 10 assists and two steals on 5 - of - 11 from the field . JaMychal Green finished second on the team with 16 points and five rebounds . Julius Randle was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and nine rebounds . Julius Randle led the starters in scoring , dropping 15 points and nine rebounds on 5 - of - 9 shooting . Memphis will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday in a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs . The Pelicans ( 19 - 22 ) have now won 18 - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Mike Conley did all he could for Memphis , as he accumulated 22 points , two rebounds , 10 assists and two steals . JaMychal Green finished second on the team with 16 points and five rebounds . Julius Randle totaled 15 points and nine rebounds . On deck for Memphis is a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 140 - 124 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Pelicans defense was especially good , as they shot 55 percent from the field , 92 percent from the free - throw line and 41 percent from three - point range . The key for the Pelicans was the assist - to - turnover ratio , as they recorded 33 assists to just 16 turnovers , while the Cavaliers committed 13 turnovers to just 27 assists . The Pelicans ( 20 - 22 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Anthony Davis carried the load , as he tallied 38 points , 13 rebounds and four blocks . Matthew Dellavedova was second on the team , with his 17 points , seven assists and three steals . Julius Randle was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Alec Burks led the bench in scoring , dropping 17 points on 4 - of - 7 from the field . Cleveland will return to action on Friday in a road matchup with the Houston Rockets . New Orleans ( 20 - 22 ) had to play this game without Rodney Wade and it clearly hurt their offense . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , four rebounds , two assists and three steals on 9 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . Matthew Dellavedova was second on the team , as he accrued 17 points , four rebounds and seven assists off the bench . Matthew Dellavedova led the bench with 17 points and seven assists . Cleveland will host the Houston Rockets for their next game on Saturday .
The New Orleans Pistons defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans , 98 - 94 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Detroit offense was lights - out , as they shot 40 percent from the field , 44 percent from three - point range and 68 percent from the free - throw line . The Pelicans also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 49 . Blake Griffin led the way for New Orleans the bench , as he tallied 37 points and nine rebounds on 14 - of - 28 from the field . Jahlil Okafor was second on the team , finishing with 17 points and 10 rebounds . Julius Randle was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 13 points , 13 rebounds and two assists . The Pistons ( 22 - 26 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he tallied 37 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . Jahlil Okafor was second on the team , as he totaled 17 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Julius Randle recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks . The Pistons will be off until Friday , when they play the Oklahoma City Mavericks on the road for their next game .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans 126 - 114 at Smoothie King Center on Saturday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 11 points , as it came down to the finals seconds . Rebounding was decisive for the Spurs , as they won that battle , 51 - 41 . Free-throw shooting really killed the Pelicans too , as they went 17 - of - 24 , while New Orleans went just 17 - of - 24 from the charity stripe . The Spurs ( 28 - 22 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to struggle . Jrue Holiday led the team in scoring , dropping 29 points on 9 - of - 20 shooting off the bench . Rudy Gay was equally as good , totaling 22 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and a block . Pau Gasol went just 6 - of - 8 from the field , but finished with 13 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Pau Gasol was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he accumulated 13 points , nine rebounds and four assists . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Washington Wizards . The Pelicans ( 22 - 28 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Jrue Holiday was the player of the game , as he collected 29 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Jahlil Okafor totaled 24 points and 15 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting . Pau Gasol finished second on the team , totaling 13 points , nine rebounds and four assists .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 105 - 99 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were nine ties and nine lead changes in this overtime thriller . In addition , neither team led by more than nine points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 64 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Denver hitting nine - of - 30 from long distance , while New Orleans went just 15 - of - 36 . Rebounding was huge as well , with Denver winning that battle , 43 - 48 . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than the Pelicans , while committing three less turnovers . The Pelicans ( 35 - 29 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Nikola Jokic carried the load , as he collected 20 points , 13 rebounds and three steals . Kenrich on the other hand finished with 20 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Paul Millsap provided 13 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Jahlil Okafor came off the bench to provide 14 points and eight rebounds on 7 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Friday . The Nuggets ( 35 - 15 ) have now lost four of their last five games , as they continue to struggle on defense . Jrue Holiday led the team in scoring , as he provided 22 points , six rebounds and six assists off the bench . Nikola Jokic recorded his first career triple - double , accumulating 20 points , 13 rebounds and 10 assists . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in triple figures , collecting 20 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and two steals . The Nuggets will host the San Antonio Spurs on Friday for their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 109 - 107 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Indiana offense was lights - out , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The key for Indiana was the assist - to - turnover ratio , as they recorded 25 assists to just nine turnovers , while New Orleans committed 16 turnovers to just 26 assists . The Pacers ( 34 - 19 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Jahlil Okafor was the star , as he led the team with 25 points , 13 rebounds and one block on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 19 points , 12 rebounds and nine assists . Myles Turner amassed 15 points , nine rebounds , two steals and three blocks . On deck for the Pelicans is a road matchup with the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday . The Pelicans ( 23 - 31 ) are now just 9 - 5 across their last 9 games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season . Jahlil Okafor was a bright spot for New Orleans , as he led the team with 25 points on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Myles Turner finished second on the team , totaling 15 points , nine rebounds , two steals and three blocks . Myles Turner amassed 15 points , nine rebounds , two steals and three blocks . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Pelicans , 122 - 100 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Pelicans , as they led by double - digits for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Pelicans , as they held the Pelicans to 60 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Kenrich , while committing three less turnovers . The Pelicans ( 25 - 31 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Anthony Davis carried the load , as he tallied 32 points , nine rebounds and three blocks . Jrue Holiday was n't far behind , finishing with 27 points , four rebounds , nine assists and three steals of his own . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 27 points , four rebounds and nine assists . New Orleans will return to action on Monday in a road matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers . New Orleans ( 25 - 31 ) have rode Anthony Davis all season long and he put in another spectacular performance here . Davis finished with 32 points , nine rebounds and three blocks on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , as he accrued 27 points , four rebounds , nine assists and three steals in the victory . Jeff Teague finished with 12 points , four rebounds and five assists . The T'Wolves will be in Memphis on Saturday to play the Pelicans for their next game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 118 - 88 , at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Orlando were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Magic outscored the Pelicans 39 - 27 in the third quarter . Defense was key for Orlando , as they held New Orleans to 38 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The Magic also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists than New Orleans , while committing six less turnovers . The Magic ( 26 - 32 ) have now won eight of their last 15 games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Nikola Vucevic was a bright spot for New York , as he collected 25 points , 17 rebounds , three assists and two steals . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 16 points , three rebounds and six assists . No other player on the roster had more than 10 points , four rebounds or two assists . On deck for New Orleans is a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday . The Magic ( 26 - 32 ) have been struggling mightily , but this was a tough task against a feisty Orlando team . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , dropping 25 points on 10 - of - 18 shooting off the bench . Evan Fournier finished second on the team , totaling 22 points and six assists . Julius Randle was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 15 points , four rebounds and four assists . The Magic will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday for their next game .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 131 - 122 , at Smoothie King Center on Thursday . In a battle between two potent offenses , the Pelicans were able to prevail with a much needed victory . The key for New Orleans was their rebounding , as they brought down 51 boards to the Thunder 48 . The Pelicans also took advantage of the whistle , going 19 - of - 24 from the free - throw line , with the Thunder hitting just 12 - of - 13 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Pelicans recording 35 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Thunder committed 13 turnovers to 27 assists . The Thunder ( 37 - 20 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Julius Randle was the player of the game , as he amassed 33 points and 11 rebounds on 11 - of - 21 shooting . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 32 points , five rebounds , seven assists , three steals and three blocks . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , collecting 32 points , five rebounds and seven assists . New Orleans will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Indiana Pacers . The Thunder ( 37 - 20 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Nerlens Noel finished second on the team , collecting 22 points and 13 rebounds . E'Twaun Moore was the only other starter with more than nine points , as he provided 15 points , two rebounds , three assists and two steals . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup with the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 128 - 115 , at Smoothie King Center on Saturday . Despite there being just four ties and six lead changes in this game , it was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Pelicans going 15 - of - 40 from long distance , while the Lakers went just 10 - of - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with New Orleans recording 31 assists to 17 turnovers , while Los Angeles committed 23 turnovers to just 33 assists . The Lakers ( 29 - 30 ) had a tough task here against the Lakers and they simply did n't have enough to pull out a win . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he accumulated 27 points , seven rebounds , 12 assists and four steals . Cheick Diallo finished with 18 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 8 shooting off the bench . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 14 points , five rebounds , nine assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Lakers is a road matchup against the Philadelphia Grizzlies on Monday . The Lakers ( 29 - 30 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Jrue Holiday was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , three rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Julius Randle was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 24 points , three rebounds and five assists . Ian Clark was drawing cheers late , as he dropped 16 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . New Orleans will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 111 - 110 , at Smoothie King Center on Monday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were 19 ties and 23 lead changes in this overtime thriller . In addition , neither team led by more than nine points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 57 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Philadelphia hitting 10 - of - 31 from long distance , while New Orleans hit just 5 - of - 28 . Rebounding was decisive as well , with Philadelphia winning that battle , 58 - 54 . Free-throw shooting really killed the Pelicans too , as they went 17 - of - 24 , with the Sixers going just 17 - of - 24 from the charity stripe . The 76ers ( 39 - 22 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points and 10 rebounds on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Anthony Davis was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 18 points , six rebounds , two assists , two blocks and two blocks . Elfrid Payton played well off the bench , collecting 10 points , four rebounds and 14 assists . On deck for New Orleans is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Lakers on Thursday . The Pelicans ( 27 - 35 ) continue to struggle without Kyle Lowry and home losses like this show just how much his absence hurts this team . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , 10 rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Anthony Davis was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , six rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 10 points , four rebounds and 14 assists . On deck for New Orleans is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 114 - 104 , Wednesday at Smoothie King Center . The Jazz ( 37 - 27 ) wasted no time spoiling the homecoming of the new - look Pelicans ( 30 - 37 ) , as New Orleans only managed to stick around for one quarter , as Utah managed to open up a 12 - point lead at halftime and never looked back . They were led by Derrick Favors , who had a great game of his own , scoring a game - high 25 points on 9 - of - 11 shooting from the field on top of five rebounds and two blocks in 24 minutes . Jrue Holiday added 16 points of his own , while Joe Ingles added 10 points , eight rebounds , 10 assists , and one steal in 38 minutes . As a team , Utah shot over 52 percent from the field and recorded 31 assists on their 46 made baskets . They were led by 25 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) from Anthony Davis , as well as a team - high of six rebounds , in 35 minutes , while Rudy Gobert posted a double - double of 22 points ( 10 - 12 FG , 2 - 6 FT ) and 13 rebounds in 33 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's averaging 17 points and 20 rebounds over those two games . The Pelicans also saw a solid outing from Anthony Davis , who scored 16 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) to go with five rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Joe Ingles recorded a double - double of his own , scoring 10 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) to go with a team - high 10 assists . The Jazz 's next game will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday , while the Pelicans will go on the road to Toronto to play the Raptors on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans , 127 - 104 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . New Orleans came into this game as a 11 - point favorite and it 's a miracle that they covered that spread . In fact , there were eight ties and 10 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 13 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Toronto recording 31 assists to 16 turnovers , while New Orleans committed 17 turnovers to just 28 assists . The Raptors shot 54 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 53 made baskets . The Raptors ( 47 - 38 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Frank Diallo was the star in this one , as he led the team with 16 points and 12 rebounds on 8 - of - 15 from the field . Pascal Ibaka recorded a double - double in the win , totaling 19 points and 5 rebounds . Frank Johnson was second on the team , as he provided 16 points and 12 rebounds off the bench . Serge Ibaka recorded a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . The Raptors ( 30 - 38 ) have now lost four - straight games , as the top - spot in the east is slowly slipping away . Frank Diallo led the team in scoring off the bench , as he provided 16 points and 12 rebounds . Cheick Diallo led the team to a win , as he provided 16 points and 12 rebounds on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 13 points , six rebounds and six assists . Serge Siakam recorded a double - double , amassing 12 points and 11 rebounds in his first game with the Pelicans . New Orleans will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Miami Heat .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 130 - 113 , in overtime at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two struggling teams , the game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Bucks going 10 - of - 36 and the Pelicans hitting 10 - of - 36 . Rebounding was decisive as well , with Milwaukee winning that battle , 52 - 50 . New Orleans also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Pelicans ( 30 - 40 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load , as he tallied 24 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Khris Middleton was second on the team , as he accrued 23 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Brook Lopez finished with 13 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Nikola Mirotic came off the bench to provide 14 points and four rebounds . On deck for New Orleans is a road matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday . The Bucks ( 51 - 17 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Khris Middleton was the star , as he led the team with 23 points , adding five rebounds and seven assists to his tally . Khris Middleton was second on the team , as he accrued 23 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Brook Lopez totaled 13 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Nikola Mirotic came off the bench to provide 14 points and four rebounds .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 42 - 26 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 30 - 41 ) 122 - 110 on Friday . Portland came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Julius Randle was the hero , as he hit two clutch free - throws with less than a second left to seal the win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor , with Portland going 26 - of - 32 from the charity stripe , while New Orleans went 12 - of - 25 . The Pelicans also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Pelicans 45 . The Trail Blazers also shot 45 percent from the field , while holding the Pelicans to 48 percent shooting . The rebounding was a huge difference as well , with Portland recording 26 assists to the Pelicans 31 . New Orleans came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 35 points . Damian Lillard led the team with 24 points , while Enes Kanter tallied 17 points and eight rebounds of his own . Jusuf Nurkic had a nice game off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 11 - point , 12 - rebound performance . On deck for the Trail Blazers is a tough matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday . New Orleans has been playing much better lately , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Pelicans team . Julius Randle had a monster game , as he tallied 45 points , 11 rebounds , six assists , two steals and three blocks while shooting 20 - of - 34 from the field . Frank McCollum also had a nice game off the bench , as he scored 23 points . Up next for Portland is a matchup with the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 54 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 30 - 42 ) 138 - 136 on Saturday . The Suns came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Devin Booker had a vintage game , as he tallied 40 points , five rebounds and 13 assists in the win . Cheick Diallo also recorded a double - double of his own , as he amassed 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Suns shot 51 percent from the field , while holding the Pelicans to 46 percent shooting . The Suns played this game without Richaun Holmes , but did n't miss a beat . Julius Randle played well though , as he tallied 21 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Cheick Diallo led the team to a career - high 10 rebounds and swatted away three shots in the victory . On deck for the Suns is a matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Monday . New Orleans came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 22 points . Devin Booker led the team with 40 points and hit three three - pointers in the loss . Cheick Diallo also recorded a double - double off the bench , as he totaled 10 points and 10 rebounds in the defeat . The Pelicans will look to play better on Monday against the Dallas Mavericks in their next game . This marked the Suns 10th straight loss and their 25th loss in their last 16 games . The leading scorer was Devin Booker , who tallied 40 points , five rebounds and 13 assists in the win . Anthony Davis also had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 15 points , 11 rebounds and four steals in the victory . Up next for the Suns is a date with the Chicago Bulls on Monday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 113 - 90 Sunday at Smoothie King Center . The Rockets ( 47 - 27 ) wasted no time spoiling the homecoming of the new - look Pelicans ( 31 - 44 ) , as New Orleans only managed to stick around for one quarter , as Houston managed to open up 12 - point lead heading into halftime and never looked back . All five starters for Houston scored in double figures , while James Harden led the way with a game - high 28 points on top of four assists and three rebounds , while Eric Gordon added 18 points of his own , while Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double of 11 points and 9 rebounds in just 24 minutes . As a team , the Rockets were hot from behind the arc , hitting 21 of their 49 shots from long range ( 43 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Pelicans , they did not have the same success from the field , as the team shot just 41 percent from the field and 25 percent from behind the arc . James Harden led the way with a team - high 28 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 6 - 12 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also recording three steals , four assists , a steal and a block . Rookie Julius Randle was not the only other Pelican to reach double figures , finishing with 15 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , three rebounds and two assists in 26 minutes . The only other Pelicans player to score in double figures was Stanley Johnson , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) in 22 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans ' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday , while New Orleans will travel to Atlanta to play the Hawks on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 130 - 120 , in overtime at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two struggling teams , the game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Hawks going 19 - of - 51 from long distance , while the Pelicans went just 12 - of - 34 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Hawks recording five more assists than the Pelicans , while committing three less turnovers . The Hawks ( 27 - 48 ) had a tough task here without Anthony Davis and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Hawks bunch . Trae was the only bright spot , as he led the team with 33 points on 12 - of - 24 shooting . Dewayne Dedmon finished second on the team with 18 points and six rebounds on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 11 points , six rebounds , nine assists and two steals . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Friday . The Hawks ( 31 - 48 ) are now just 2 - 5 across their last 12 games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season . Julius Randle led the team in scoring , as he accrued 24 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Frank Carter was second on the team , as he provided 33 points and one rebound off the bench . Elfrid Payton was huge off the bench , providing 11 points , six rebounds , nine assists and two steals . On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 32 - 45 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 37 - 38 ) 121 - 118 on Thursday at the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans . The Pelicans got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Kings 30 - 26 in the first quarter alone . The Pelicans were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 49 percent from the floor and just 43 percent from beyond the arc . The Pelicans also forced the Kings into 12 turnovers , while committing just 12 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pelicans were led by Julius Randle , who went 12 - for - 25 from the field and 7 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points , while also adding 11 rebounds and a pair of assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 32 points and 14 rebounds over those two outings . De'Aaron on the other hand finished with 25 points ( 11 - 22 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , five rebounds , 12 assists and three steals . It was the first time in the last five games that he 's scored under the year , so it was good to see him turn things around on the offensive side of the ball and play well against a tough Pelicans team . Elfrid Payton added 16 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and four assists as well . The Pelicans ' next game will be on the road against the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday , while the Kings will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 35 - 42 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 32 - 46 ) , 130 - 102 , on Sunday at the Smoothie King Center . The Pelicans sorely missed Anthony Davis once again as they did n't have a single player score more than 19 points . The Lakers were led by Rajon Rondo , who put up 24 points , 5 rebounds , 12 assists , three steals and one block in 30 minutes . He leads the league in assists per game . Cheick Diallo moved into the starting lineup for Anthony Davis , who had 12 points and 10 rebounds against the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday . The Pelicans shot 48 percent from the field and recorded 30 assists on 48 made field goals . Los Angeles will go to New Orleans to take on the Thunder on Tuesday . New Orleans has been trading wins for loses from game to game , going 10 - 7 over their last 15 games . They 've been traversing a particularly difficult stretch of their schedule , and losing their longest streak of the season . Rajon Payton returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a hip injury . He led the team in scoring with 24 points on top of five assists , five rebounds and three steals in 30 minutes . New Orleans will finish out their back - to - back set Wednesday in Charlotte before a kicking off a home - and - home set with rookie Anthony Davis on the road . The Lakers have a day off before hosting the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 115 - 109 , in overtime at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . This was one of the tightest games of the season , as there were 11 ties and 11 lead changes in this overtime thriller . In fact , neither team led by more than nine points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for Charlotte , as they held New Orleans to 47 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 48 - 22 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 34 . The Pelicans ( 32 - 47 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Kemba Walker did all he could for New Orleans , as he led the team with 32 points , three rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Ian Clark was huge off the bench , providing 17 points , six rebounds and three assists . Frank Kaminsky was a huge spark off the bench , dropping 21 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Charlotte will host the Phoenix Suns on Friday for their next game . The Hornets ( 36 - 42 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 32 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Frank Kaminsky was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , six rebounds and two assists off the bench . Ian Clark was huge off the bench , providing 17 points and six rebounds on 7 - of - 18 shooting . The Pelicans will look to play better on Friday , when they host the Phoenix Suns for their next game .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Warriors , 112 - 0 , at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two elite defenses , Golden State were able to prevail with a huge road win . The Warriors offense was especially good , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Golden State recording five more assists than the Warriors , while committing nine less turnovers . Philadlephia could n't keep their hands out of the cookie jar , as they committed 37 fouls and allowed Golden State to go 14 - of - 21 from the free - throw line . Jahlil Okafor led the Pelicans in scoring , as he dropped 30 points and seven rebounds on 15 - of - 24 shooting . Ian Clark was a nice spark off the bench , as he provided 20 points , one rebound and one assist . Ian Clark was drawing cheers late , as he dropped 20 points on 8 - of - 22 shooting . Golden State will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Grizzlies . The Pelicans ( 33 - 49 ) have now won seven - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Jahlil Okafor did all he could for New Orleans , as he led the team with 30 points , seven rebounds and two steals . Damion on deck for New Orleans is a home matchup against the Warriors on Wednesday .
Blake Griffin led the way for the Pistons with 26 points and eight assists , in 34 minutes . Reggie Jackson followed up with 19 points on 7 - of - 20 shooting , along with four assists , two rebounds and one steal , in 35 minutes . Jarrett Allen was the only other player to score in double digits for the Pistons , as he finished with 11 points , on 6 - of - 10 shooting , along with 10 rebounds , in 30 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Blake Griffin led the way for the Pistons , with 26 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting , along with eight rebounds , six assists and one steal , in 34 minutes . Spencer Dinwiddie added 23 points , on 10 - of - 18 shooting , in 32 minutes off the bench . Jarrett Allen went 6 - of - 10 from the field , to go along with 11 points and nine rebounds , in 28 minutes . The Nets will have a few days off before they face the second night of a back - to - back , in New York on Friday . The Pistons will also be in Chicago on Saturday , while the Pistons will look to end their five - game losing streak when they travel to New York on Saturday , while the Pistons host the Bulls in a rematch of last place place on 19 - for - 6 . The Nets will look to get back on track as they play host to the Knicks on Saturday .
Blake Griffin led the way for the Pistons with 50 points on an efficient 20 - of - 35 shooting , including 5 - of - 10 from long range , to go along with 14 rebounds , six assists and one block , in 44 minutes . Reggie Jackson followed up with 23 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , including 3 - of - 6 from long range , in part with three rebounds and three assists , in 32 minutes . Reggie Bullock chipped in 17 points off the bench , while the only other player to score in double digits for the Sixers was Markelle Robert Covington , who finished with 16 . Meanwhile , Joel Embiid was the high - point man for Philadelphia , with 33 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting , and 11 rebounds , in 37 minutes . J.J. Redick followed up with 30 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting , including 6 - of - 15 from downtown . The only other player to score in double digits for Philadelphia was Dario Saric , who finished with 14 points , along with eight rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block , in 26 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Blake Griffin led the way for the Pistons , with 50 points on 20 - of - 35 shooting , including 0 - of - 10 from long range . Ish Smith followed up with 21 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from long range , in 32 minutes . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double in 35 minutes off the bench , with 14 points and 16 rebounds .
The Detroit Pistons took down the host Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday , 110 - 103 . Detroit ( 4 - 0 ) has struggled this season after experiencing major roster losses in free agency . On Thursday , however , the team was able to put together a strong defensive effort to earn the win . The Pistons held the Cavs to just 46 percent from the field and only eight three - pointers . League-leading shot - blocker Andre Drummond blocked another two shots in Thursday 's win . On the whole , the Cavs shot over 53 percent from the field while knocking down 11 three - pointers . Cleveland also held a 48 - 30 advantage on the glass , out - rebounding Cleveland 48 - 30 . For the Cavs , meanwhile , the loss comes in heartbreaking fashion for a team in desparate need of a win . The Cavs are on track for a historically poor season , as they now sit at 0 - 0 . The Cavs are in second place in the Eastern Conference standings , owning tiebreakers over both Indiana and Charlotte with just eight games remaining in the regular season . The Cavs will travel to Indiana on Saturday to take on the Celtics . Detroit , meanwhile , will enjoy a long three - day rest before they travel to Detroit to take on the Pacers on Saturday for the first half of a back - to - back set . Cleveland will look to get back on track as they prepare for a difficult matchup against the conference - leading Golden State Pacers .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Detroit Pistons , 109 - 89 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . The Celtics ( 4 - 1 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Pistons ( 4 - 1 ) in the middle quarters . Boston outscored Detroit by a 25 - 22 margin over the final 27 minutes to pull away in the fourth , while Detroit outscored Detroit 25 - 22 over the final period to seal the win . The Pistons were led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from Andre Drummond and Andre Drummond , with the former adding eight rebounds , one assist and two blocks , and the latter registering eight boards and one assist . Marcus Morris supplied 18 points , eight rebounds and one assist . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 16 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Ish Smith was productive as a reserve as well with eight points , two assists and four rebounds . Andre Drummond paced the second unit with 18 points , eight boards and two blocks . Stanley Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 16 points , three rebounds , two assists and one steal . Andre Drummond and Marcus Morris turned in a pair of 18 - point efforts , with the former also hauling in eight rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks , and the latter registering eight rebounds , one assist and one steal . Gordon Hayward compiled 15 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal to lead the bench . Terry Rozier was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , three rebounds and two assists . Blake Griffin 's 18 points paced the Detroit squad , a total that he supplemented with eight rebounds and an assist . Marcus Morris supplied 18 points , eight boards and one assist . Daniel supplied a 17 - point , 8 - rebound , that also included one assist and one steal . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 14 points , eight rebounds and two assists . The Celtics head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday night , while the Celtics remain home to face the Boston Celtics on Tuesday evening .
The Miami Heat defeated the Detroit Pistons , 120 - 115 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . The Heat ( 4 - 5 ) checked in to Monday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Pistons ( 4 - 5 ) , managing a 45 percent success rate from the field and eliciting 19 turnovers from their hosts as well . Reggie Jackson led the way for the visitors with 25 points , six assists , four rebounds and a steal . Goran Dragic was next with 21 points , six assists , seven rebounds and a block . Blake Griffin turned in a 24 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included seven assists and a steal . Langston Galloway was productive in a reserve role as well , posting 21 points , four assists , nine rebounds and two steals . Andre Drummond posted a 25 - point , 24 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , a steal and a block . Langston Galloway poured in 21 points and added nine rebounds , four assists and two steals . Glenn Robinson III went for 16 points , five rebounds , two blocks and a steal to lead the bench . Kelly Olynyk was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , five assists , five rebounds , two blocks and a steal . Josh Richardson was also productive in a reserve role , registering 11 points , eight rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . The Heat head back home to take on the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday night , while the Pistons head down to Central Florida for a Wednesday night date with the San Antonio Spurs .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 113 - 103 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 14 ties and 19 lead changes in this tightly contested battle , with no team leading by more than six points . The key for Charlotte was the free - throw shooting , as they went 16 - of - 18 , while Detroit went just 15 - of - 19 from the charity stripe . The Hornets also dominated the rebounding differential , winning that battle , 46 - 51 . Detroit also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 40 - 3 . The Hornets ( 7 - 6 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Reggie Bullock led the way , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds and two assists . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 24 points , three rebounds and eight assists . Cody Zeller was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 14 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Cody Zeller also played well off the bench , collecting 14 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Detroit will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Cleveland Cavaliers . The Pistons ( 6 - 6 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Detroit , as they had six players score at least 10 points . Reggie Bledsoe led the team with 23 points and four assists , but went just 9 - of - 13 from the field . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 23 points , 22 rebounds and three blocks . Reggie Jackson made his return to the starting lineup , as he accumulated 19 points , seven assists and four steals . Detroit 's next game will be on Wednesday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Detroit Pistons blew out the host Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday , 113 - 102 . Detroit ( 8 - 6 ) has struggled this season after experiencing major roster losses in free agency . On Monday , however , the team was able to put together a strong defensive effort to earn the win . The Pistons held the Cavs to just 44 percent shooting from the field and only eight three - pointers . League-leading shot - blocker Tristan Thompson blocked a three - pointer to tie the game at 102 points a piece . This was a big win for the Pistons , as the win brings them within 0 games of the Wizards for the eighth seed in the Eastern Conference . Superstar Andre Drummond led the team with 23 points and also pulled down 16 rebounds . The team as a whole shot an impressive 44 percent from the field . Cleveland ( 2 - 13 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 11 - 21 start to the season . On Monday , the Cavs will host the Rockets , while the Cavaliers will head to Los Angeles to face off with the Lakers on December . The Cavaliers , meanwhile , will travel to Cleveland for their next contest , also playing the second game of a back - to - back against both the Lakers , while the Cavaliers will travel to Cleveland for his first game of the season against the Los Angeles - hot Wednesday . Detroit , meanwhile , will visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Houston Rockets , 116 - 111 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Rockets ( 9 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league this season , and saw two of their wins come against one of the league 's best teams in the league . However , a standout effort from James Harden led the Pistons ( 9 - 7 ) to the tune of a season - high 33 points , which he complemented with a pair of rebounds and a block . The second - year big man was aided by Blake Griffin 's 28 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds and four assists . Chris Paul and Clint Capela followed with matching 20 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds and nine assists , and the latter supplying four rebounds , an assist and three blocks . Clint Capela followed with a 29 - point , 21 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , three blocks and two steals . Jackson was right behind him with 22 points , six assists , four rebounds and one steal . P.J . Tucker provided a bench - leading 11 points that he supplemented with eight boards , two assists and one steal . Glenn Robinson III went for 10 points , two rebounds and one steal . Reggie Bullock supplied eight points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Rockets next head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Saturday night , while the Rockets head to Detroit to take on the Suns on Sunday evening .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the visiting Phoenix Suns on Sunday , 118 - 107 . Detroit ( 10 - 7 ) saw strong play from sophomore Devin Booker in the win . Booker led the team with 37 points on 14 - of - 24 shooting and came away with a team - high four rebounds . The game was a turnaround for the veteran star , as he posted only five points in the loss . The team shot a stellar 46 percent from the field and drained 16 three - pointers on the night . Phoenix ( 4 - 15 ) is in the midst of a midseason crisis , as the team has now gone just 3 - 6 in its last ten games . The Suns were led by Devin Booker , who scored a season - high 37 points on 14 - of - 24 shooting . It was a season - best night for Suns , however , as he shot 14 - of - 24 from the field and 3 - of - 9 from three - point range . It was an off night for the team as a whole , as Phoenix hit just 71 percent of its shots from beyond the arc . Phoenix ( 4 - 15 ) , meanwhile , has now lost two in a row after a hot start to the season . On Sunday , the team saw a fairly respectable offensive night but a miserable defensive one . The Suns shot over 51 percent and hit 8 three - pointers . Shooting guard Devin Booker led the team with 37 points , including three three - pointers .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the New York Knicks , 115 - 108 , in overtime at American Airlines Center on Tuesday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Detroit offense was lights - out , as they shot 48 percent from the field , 71 percent from the free - throw line and 29 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Pistons outscoring the Knicks , 27 - 24 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Pistons recording 20 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Knicks committed 13 turnovers to 16 assists . The Knicks ( 7 - 15 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Blake Griffin led the way , as he tallied 30 points , four rebounds and five assists . Stanley Johnson was second on the team , as he provided 21 points , four rebounds and three assists off the bench . Reggie Jackson finished with 21 points , three rebounds and four assists , while Reggie Jackson accumulated 21 points , three rebounds and four assists . Detroit 's next game will be on Wednesday against the Chicago Bulls . The Knicks ( 7 - 15 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . Blake Griffin led the team in scoring , as he tallied 30 points , 27 rebounds and five assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Reggie Jackson was second on the team , with his 21 points , three rebounds and four assists . Reggie Jackson had a nice all - around game , collecting 21 points , three rebounds and four assists . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and 14 rebounds . On deck for the Pistons is a road matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Friday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 107 - 88 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . It 's rare to see Chicago dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Detroit . The Pistons actually led by at least 34 points for the entirety of the second half , as the final 13 - point margin was their largest lead of the game . Detroit was lights - out from the field , shooting 45 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Detroit winning that battle , 52 - 40 . The Pistons also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Pistons ( 12 - 7 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . Reggie Jackson did all he could for Chicago , as he led the team with 20 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Blake Griffin accumulated 20 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 19 points , 20 rebounds , two steals and four blocks . On deck for the Pistons is a road matchup with the Golden State Warriors on Saturday . The Bulls ( 5 - 18 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap ( thigh ) , but they simply did n't have enough bullets to win this fight . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Jabari Parker was n't far behind , totaling 12 points and six rebounds . Robin Lopez was the only other starter in double figures , totaling eight points and two rebounds . Chicago 's next game is on Saturday , as they play the Houston Rockets on the road .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Golden State Warriors 111 - 102 Saturday at Spectrum Center . The Pistons ( 13 - 7 ) were able to pull out a victory in the season series against the Warriors ( 15 - 9 ) . They entered the fourth quarter with a six - point lead , but the Pistons ( 13 - 9 ) were able to pull away late in the fourth quarter . From there , it was all Stephen Curry for the Warriors , as they shot 44 percent from the field and recorded 22 assists . Stephen Curry led the way with a poor shooting night , scoring 27 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 9 shooting from behind the arc . He also had five rebounds , three assists and two steals . Klay Thompson added 21 points of his own , while Reggie Jackson had a solid night of his own , recording 17 points , five assists and two rebounds in 26 minutes . As a team , the Pistons were hot from behind the arc , hitting 12 of their 35 shots from long range ( 34 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Warriors , they did not have the same success from the field , as the team shot just 46 percent from the field and 23 percent from behind the arc . Blake Griffin was one of the lone bright spots for Golden State , as he posted a game - high 26 points on 9 - of - 22 shooting from the field and 2 - of - 9 shooting from long range in 34 minutes . Andre Drummond recorded yet another double - double , posting 16 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting and 19 rebounds in 33 minutes . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double of 16 points and 19 rebounds in 33 minutes , while Stanley Johnson added 19 points and seven rebounds of his own . The Warriors will head to Oklahoma City to take on the Hawks on Monday , while the Warriors will go on the road to Detroit to play the Thunder on Monday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Detroit Pistons , 110 - 83 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . This game meant much more to the Thunder than the Pistons and they were lucky to escape with a win . The first quarter was the difference in the game , as the Thunder outscored the Pistons , 24 - 23 . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Pistons to 33 percent from the field and 19 percent from three - point range , while Oklahoma City shot 33 percent from the field and 19 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Oklahoma City winning that battle , 52 - 41 . The Pistons ( 13 - 8 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pistons is just what they need to get going . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Paul George was n't far behind , finishing with 17 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jon Leuer was the only other player in double figures , as he dropped 12 points and four rebounds on 4 - of - 7 shooting . The Pistons will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Milwaukee Bucks for their next game . The Thunder ( 15 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Blake Griffin led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals on 7 - of - 18 shooting . Paul George was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . Jon Leuer was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points and four rebounds . The Thunder will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Milwaukee Bucks .
Jimmy Butler was the high - point man in the contest , as he led the way with 38 points on 13 - of - 27 shooting , to go along with six assists , six rebounds , three steals and one block , in 38 minutes . Ben Simmons followed up with 18 points , while J.J. Redick added 18 . Four other players scored in double digits for the Sixers , including Ben Simmons , Wilson Chandler , who chipped in 18 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Sixers shot 49 percent from the field , led by Reggie Jackson 's 13 point , five - rebound , five - block performance . Andre Drummond was the high - point man for the Pistons , with 21 points , on 7 - of - 19 shooting , in 14 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Jimmy Butler led the way for the Sixers , with 38 points , six assists , six rebounds , three assists and three steals , in 38 minutes . Andre Drummond logged a double - double with 21 points and 10 rebounds , along with two steals and two blocks , in 33 minutes . J.J. Redick added 18 points , in 28 minutes off the bench . The only other player to score in double digits for Detroit was Langston Galloway , who finished with 12 points , along with five rebounds , in 30 minutes off the bench . The Pistons shot 42 percent from the field , while the Pistons shot 42 percent .
The visiting New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Detroit Pistons , 116 - 108 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 5 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Pelicans going 12 - of - 30 and the Pistons hitting just 9 - of - 29 from long distance . New Orleans was huge as well , as they won the rebounding battle , 47 - 47 , and outscored the Pistons , 68 - 43 in the paint . The Pistons ( 13 - 11 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Pistons is just what the doctor ordered . Jrue Holiday led the team in scoring , as he provided 37 points , five rebounds and five assists on 14 - of - 22 shooting . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 23 points , 19 rebounds and one block . Langston Galloway was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 24 points in 36 minutes . Detroit 's next game is on Monday , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers . Detroit ( 13 - 11 ) had to play this game without Jahlil Okafor and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Pelicans bunch . Julius Randle was a bright spot for the Pistons , as he led the team with 28 points , six rebounds and five assists . Langston Galloway was huge off the bench , scoring 24 points and adding four rebounds , three assists and two steals on 9 - of - 20 from the field . Tim Frazier filled out the stat sheet with 14 points , three rebounds , eight assists and two steals . New Orleans will play the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday for their next game .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Boston Celtics , 113 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Pistons have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Celtics in this dominating win . In fact , Detroit pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Pistons , as they held the Celtics to 41 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Detroit winning that battle , 48 - 44 . The Pistons also dominated the assist differential , recording 33 assists to Boston 's 19 . The Pistons ( 14 - 13 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Celtics is just what they need to get going . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , eight rebounds , four assists and three steals . Marcus Smart was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 21 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals . Reggie Bullock was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , three rebounds and two steals . On deck for the Pistons is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday . The Celtics ( 18 - 11 ) have now lost five of their last six games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . Blake Griffin led the way for Boston , as he collected 27 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Andre Drummond finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , 20 rebounds , three steals and five blocks . Reggie Bullock was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , three rebounds and two steals . On deck for the Pistons is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Detroit Pistons , 107 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . The Pistons have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Pistons in this dominating win . In fact , Milwaukee pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Bucks , as they held the Pistons to 44 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Bucks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Detroit , while committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 20 - 9 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pistons is just what they need to get going . Reggie Bullock led the way for Detroit , as he scored a game - high 24 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Blake Griffin recorded a triple - double , totaling 19 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists . Eric Bledsoe was the player of the game , collecting 24 points , three rebounds and two assists . Khris Middleton was second on the team , dropping 22 points and handing out six assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 14 rebounds . The Pistons will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the New Orleans Pelicans . Detroit ( 14 - 14 ) had to play this game without Zaza Pachulia ( ankle ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Giannis Antetokounmpo stepped up in his absence though , accumulating 32 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 14 rebounds . Stanley Johnson was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Detroit will host the Minnesota Timberwolves for their next game on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Detroit Pistons , 98 - 95 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . It 's rare to see Detroit dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Atlanta . The Hawks actually dominated the rebounding , as they won that battle , 54 - 41 . Free-throw shooting really killed Detroit , as they went just 17 - of - 27 from the charity stripe . The Hawks ( 9 - 23 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Langston Galloway led the way for Atlanta , as he dropped 18 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Reggie Jackson was n't far behind , as he accumulated 16 points , two rebounds and five assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 15 rebounds , two assists and five blocks . Detroit will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Washington Wizards for their next game . Atlanta ( 9 - 23 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Pistons team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Langston Galloway was a bright spot for Detroit , as he led the team with 18 points on 6 - of - 5 from three - point range . Blake Griffin finished second on the team , totaling 15 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 15 rebounds , two assists , two steals and five blocks . On deck for the heat is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Washington Wizards , 106 - 95 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Pistons have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Pistons holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Pistons , as they held the Wizards to 46 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Detroit winning that battle , 46 - 31 . The Pistons also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Wizards ( 13 - 22 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Washington just adds to their impressive resume ' . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he collected 23 points , nine rebounds , six assists and two steals on 9 - of - 19 from the field . Bradley Beal finished with 21 points , four rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , five rebounds and three steals . Detroit will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Indiana Pacers . Detroit ( 13 - 22 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those deficiencies . Andre Drummond was the player of the game , as he totaled 16 points and 11 rebounds on 6 - of - 11 shooting in the loss . John Wall led the team in scoring , totaling 21 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points , 11 rebounds and three blocks . Washington will look to play better on Friday in a road matchup with the Chicago Bulls .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Detroit Pistons , 110 - 105 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Pistons have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Jazz holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Jazz , as they held the Pistons to 48 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . Utah also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 42 - 44 . Utah also took advantage of the whistle , going 25 - of - 32 from the free - throw line . The Pistons ( 17 - 20 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Pistons is just what the doctor ordered . Blake Griffin led the team in scoring , as he provided 34 points and 10 rebounds on 13 - of - 21 from the field . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , 18 rebounds and three steals . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Detroit will look to play better on Monday , when they host the San Antonio Spurs . The Jazz ( 20 - 20 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Blake Griffin led the way for Detroit , as he collected 34 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Andre Drummond finished second on the team , totaling 15 points and 18 rebounds . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Detroit will look to play better on Monday in a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Detroit Pistons , 119 - 107 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . It 's rare to see Detroit dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Spurs , as they led for over 49 minutes of this game , with Detroit having just one one - point lead in the first quarter . Free-throw shooting was the difference in the game , with San Antonio going 26 - of - 32 and the Pistons hitting 14 - of - 17 . Detroit also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 38 - 22 . The Pistons ( 17 - 21 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his barrage , as he led the team with 26 points , seven assists and two blocks . LaMarcus Aldridge was second on the team , with 25 points , six rebounds and two assists . Derrick White started and amassed 17 points , five rebounds and two steals on 4 - of - 7 from the field . Bryn Forbes led the team in scoring , as he dropped 17 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting . The Spurs play again on Wednesday , as they host the Los Angeles Lakers for their next game . The Pistons ( 17 - 21 ) were in a terrible stretch headed into this game , but a win over a team like the Spurs is just what they need to get going . DeMar DeRozan was the player of the game , as he collected 26 points , seven rebounds and nine assists . Andre Drummond finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , 14 rebounds , three assists and three steals . Reggie Bullock was huge off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Spurs is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 19 - 24 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 25 ) 120 - 115 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Detroit . The Pistons got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Magic 26 - 34 in the first quarter alone . They were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 48 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic went 50 percent from the floor and 36 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons also forced the Magic into 11 turnovers , while committing just 10 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Blake Griffin , who went 11 - for - 18 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 30 points , while also adding four rebounds and five assists . He 's now pushed his season averages to 11 points and 2 rebounds per game on the year . Nikola Vucevic also had a strong showing , recording 24 points ( 11 - 22 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) and 13 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 40 points and 25 rebounds over his last two games . Luke Kennard was the other big contributor off the bench , as he went 6 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 14 points in 25 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Miami Heat ( 21 - 22 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 20 - 24 ) 93 - 98 on Friday . Detroit came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Miami was their defense , as they held Detroit to 43 percent shooting and forced them to commit 11 turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with Miami recording 25 assists to the Pistons 23 . Amazingly , the Heat got out of the game in the first quarter and never looked back after that . Blake Griffin and Blake Griffin led the team with 32 points each , as Justise Winslow tallied 15 points , 11 rebounds and nine assists in the win . Justise Winslow also played well , as he amassed 15 points , nine rebounds and two assists . On deck for the Heat is a matchup with the Chicago Bulls on Saturday . Detroit has been struggling recently , but this team - win was a great sign . Dwyane Wade was the star of this one , as he tallied 20 points , four rebounds and eight assists in the victory . Luke Kennard was the only starter who played well , as he totaled 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . Justise Winslow also had a great game , as he totaled 15 points , nine rebounds and two steals . Tyler Johnson was a nice spark off the bench , as he amassed 16 points , five rebounds and three assists . Miami will look to keep up this form against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Detroit Pistons , 103 - 101 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Detroit dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , the Kings pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Kings , as they held the Pistons to 44 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . The Kings also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 48 - 23 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 37 . The Pistons ( 20 - 25 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Buddy Hield led Detroit , as he dropped a career - high 35 points on 13 - of - 22 shooting to go along with nine rebounds and three assists . Marvin Bagley finished second on the team , totaling 14 points and two rebounds . Willie Cauley-Stein accrued 12 points , six rebounds and two assists . Luke Brown was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points , three rebounds and two assists . On deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday . Detroit ( 20 - 25 ) is in a bit of a rut right now , as this marks their third loss in their last four games . Blake Griffin led the way for Detroit , as he collected 38 points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . Luke Kennard was second on the team , as he provided 19 points , three rebounds and two assists off the bench . De'Aaron on deck for Detroit is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 36 - 13 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 28 ) 115 - 105 on Tuesday . A game that was expected to be a grind - it - out defensive battle largely fulfilled that prophecy , with Milwaukee finally able to pull away on the strength of a pair of standout efforts from their two best players , and a suffocating defense from the Pistons ( 21 - 13 ) to close out the victory . Reggie Jackson led the way with a team - high 25 points and five assists , while Andre Drummond continued his recent stretch of solid play with 20 points , 13 rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . His scoring haul included three three - pointers . The Bucks dropped to 21 - 28 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head back home to face the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday . Detroit was led by Reggie Jackson 's 25 points , seven assists , three rebounds and a steal . Blake Griffin was right behind him with an 18 - point , seven - rebound , nine - assist effort that also included a pair of steals . Blake Griffin turned in an 18 - point , seven - assist effort in 39 minutes of play , while Brook Lopez fell just short of a double - double with 14 points , six rebounds , an assist and a trio of blocks . Tony Snell rounded out the starters ' solid night with 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Detroit remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Toronto to take on the Mavericks on Thursday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 22 - 28 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 23 - 28 ) 93 - 89 on Thursday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a huge road win . Getting to the free - throw line was the difference in the game , with the Pistons going 18 - for - 23 from the Pistons , while the Mavericks went 18 - for - 14 . Detroit also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 52 - 52 and outscored the Mavericks in the paint , 44 - 21 . Andre Drummond was a beast , as he tallied 24 points , 20 rebounds and one block in the win . Blake Griffin also had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 24 points , 10 rebounds and six assists in the win . Dwight Powell had a nice game off the bench , as he tallied 10 points , five rebounds and three blocks in the defeat . The Mavericks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday in their next game . Detroit has been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've lost four of their last five games . Andre Drummond was a beast in this game , as he scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds in the win . Blake Griffin also played well , as he amassed 24 points , 10 rebounds and six assists . Up next for the Pistons is a matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 29 - 24 ) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers ( 7 - 9 ) 111 - 62 on Saturday . The Clippers came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge win . Lou Williams was the hero , as he hit a game - winning three with less than a second left to send the game into overtime . Blake Griffin continued his fantastic form , as he tallied 24 points , 11 rebounds and six assists in the win . Andre Drummond also played well , as he double - doubled in a 12 - point , 11 - rebound performance . On deck for the Clippers is a matchup with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday . Detroit has been struggling recently , but this team - win was a great sign . Reggie Jackson was the star of the game , as he tallied 29 points and seven assists while hitting five three - pointers in the loss . Boban Marjanovic also played well , as he totaled 16 points , seven rebounds and one block in just 36 minutes of action . Andre Drummond played well though , as he totaled 12 points , 11 rebounds , three blocks and two steals in the victory . All five starters scored in double - figures , but no one scored more than 14 points . That 's a recipe for disaster , especially when you 're not shooting the three - ball well . The Pistons have a few days off until they play the Toronto Raptors on Sunday in their next game .
The Detroit Pistons ( 23 - 29 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 37 - 16 ) 129 - 103 on Monday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Nuggets held the Nuggets to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit 13 turnovers . The Pistons ended up shooting 55 percent from the field , while holding Denver to just 45 percent . The rebounding was a huge difference as well , with Detroit recording 32 assists to the Nuggets 28 . Denver had to play this game without Paul Millsap , Paul Millsap and Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . Andre Drummond was fantastic , as he totaled 27 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks in the win . Blake Griffin had one of his best games in a Detroit uniform , tallying 17 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Mason Plumlee had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 15 points , 11 rebounds and six assists in the defeat . On deck for the Nuggets is a matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday . Detroit is now 5 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . Andre Drummond was a beast down low , as he amassed 27 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat . The bench was fantastic , as Stanley Johnson , Stanley Johnson , and Malik Beasley all scored in double - figures off the bench . Denver will look to keep this momentum going against the New York Knicks on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 25 - 29 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 44 ) 120 - 103 on Friday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Knicks held the Knicks to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit 13 turnovers . The Detroit offense was n't shabby either , as they shot a cool 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . They also held New York to just 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from long distance . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as Detroit recorded 24 assists to the Knicks 22 . New York came into this game as a 29 - point underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Dennis Schroeder was the player of the game , as he tallied 31 points , two rebounds and eight assists in the win . DeAndre Jordan also played well , as he amassed 14 points , 11 rebounds and two blocks in the loss . The Knicks will look to keep up the momentum when they host the Washington Wizards on Monday in their next game . The Knicks have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Dennis Schroeder was New York 's best player , as he tallied 31 points and eight assists in the win . DeAndre Jordan was great as well , as he totaled 14 points and 11 rebounds en route to a double - double . The Knicks will look to keep this momentum going against the Washington Wizards on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 26 - 29 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 24 - 33 ) 121 - 112 on Monday at the Air Canada Centre in Detroit . The Pistons got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Wizards 36 - 27 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pistons shot the ball well , going 52 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went 50 percent from the floor and 36 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Wizards into 19 turnovers , while committing only 16 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Andre Drummond , who double - doubled with 32 points ( 12 - 19 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) and 17 rebounds . He was coming off a 35 - point showing on Monday , so it was good to see him turn things around . Ariza on the other hand went 10 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding nine rebounds and five assists . It was the first time he 's surpassed the 14 - point mark this season , so it was a nice surprise for the Wizards . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter in double figures , as he posted 23 points ( 10 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) and seven rebounds . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 29 - 30 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 40 - 21 ) 113 - 109 on Monday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . Collectively as a team , the Pistons shot extremely well in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went 46 percent from the floor and just 38 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Pacers into 21 turnovers , while committing only 12 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Andre Drummond , who double - doubled with 26 points ( 12 - 21 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) , 16 rebounds and three blocked shots . It marked his third double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 23 points and 14 rebounds . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Darren Collison , who had 21 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , while also adding five assists and two steals . Considering he 's averaging 13 points on the year , it was a nice surprise for the Pacers . The only other Piston to reach double figures in points was Wayne Ellington , who came off the bench for 14 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) in 32 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday , while the Pacers will travel to Dallas to play the Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 31 - 31 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 46 - 18 ) 112 - 107 on Sunday at the American Airlines Center in Detroit . The Pistons got off to a quick start Sunday , out - scoring the Raptors 24 - 19 right away in the first quarter . The Pistons shot 47 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors shot 39 percent from the floor and only 36 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Raptors into 24 turnovers , while committing only 15 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Blake Griffin , who went 9 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 27 points , while also adding seven rebounds and a blocked shot . It was his second strong performance in a row , as he 's combined for 43 points and 24 rebounds over his last two games . Luke Kennard was the other big contributor off the bench , as he finished with 19 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 5 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 35 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday , while the Raptors will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday , while the Raptors will travel to Detroit to play the Rockets on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 32 - 31 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 30 - 35 ) 131 - 114 on Wednesday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Timberwolves held the Timberwolves to 49 percent shooting and forced them to commit 13 turnovers . The Pistons ended up shooting 54 percent from the field , while holding Minnesota to just 49 percent on their end . The Pistons have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Timberwolves team . Andre Drummond was a beast , as he tallied 31 points , 15 rebounds , three assists and two blocks in the win . Luke Kennard was the only other starter in double figures , as he scored 21 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Detroit will look to play better on Saturday , when they take on the Washington Wizards in their next game . Detroit came into this game as a six - point underdog and nearly pulled out a miraculous win . Andre Drummond was fantastic once again , as he totaled 31 points , 15 rebounds , two assists and two blocks in the defeat . Andrew Wiggins also had a nice game , as he amassed 18 points , four rebounds and two assists in the defeat . The Wolves will look to get out of this rut on Friday in a much better matchup against the Washington Wizards .
The Detroit Pistons ( 34 - 31 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 19 - 49 ) 131 - 108 on Sunday . The Pistons came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge road win . Blake Griffin was the hero , as he hit a game - winning three with less than a second left to send the game into overtime . Blake Griffin had to carry the load for Chicago , as he finished with 28 points , six rebounds and five assists in the defeat . Andre Drummond was a beast down low , as he totaled 16 points and 15 rebounds in the defeat . The Bulls really turned it on in the second half , as they outscored the Bulls 28 - 28 in the fourth quarter . The rebounding was a big factor for the Pistons , as they snatched down 44 rebounds to the Bulls 37 . The three - point shooting was a huge disparity as well , as the Pistons went 9 - for - 35 from long distance while the Bulls went just 9 - for - 18 . Chicago did n't play their best game on Sunday , but they had one of their best games of the season on Sunday . Blake Griffin had one of his best games of the season , as he collected 28 points , six rebounds and five assists in just 26 minutes of action . Andre Drummond recorded another double - double , as he amassed 16 points and 15 rebounds . Ryan Markkanen was a nice spark off the bench , as he amassed 17 points , six rebounds and two assists . Up next for the Pistons is a matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday . Detroit continues to thrive at home and this sort of win shows how scary they can be . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points , six rebounds and five assists in the win . Andre Drummond also played well , as he double - doubled in a 16 - point , 15 - rebound performance . On deck for the Pistons is a matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 35 - 33 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 31 - 38 ) 111 - 97 on Friday . The form of these teams would indicate a result like this , but it happened in strange fashion . The second quarter is when things really changed , as vender outscored Los Angeles 19 to 18 . The Pistons shot 43 percent from the field , while Los Angeles shot just 42 percent . The free - throw shooting was the difference in the game , as the Pistons went 20 - for - 32 from the charity stripe , while the Lakers went 19 - for - 26 . The Pistons also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 50 boards to the Lakers 50 . Detroit came into this game as a 14 - point underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Langston Galloway was the star of the game , as he scored 23 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter . He got some help from Kentavious Caldwell-Pope though , as he went 3 - for - 6 in the loss . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope also had a nice game , as he amassed 17 points , two rebounds and an assist in just 29 minutes of action . Kyle Griffin also played well , as he amassed 12 points , six rebounds and ten assists . On deck for the Pistons is a matchup with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday . The Lakers have been a huge disappointment this season and this loss only adds to their struggles . JaVale McGee was fantastic , as he scored a career - high 20 points to go along with 13 rebounds and three blocks . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope also had a nice game , as he totaled 17 points , two rebounds and an assist in just 29 minutes of action . Rajon Rondo also played well , as he amassed 15 points , seven assists and eight rebounds in the defeat . The Lakers will look to keep this momentum going against the Toronto Raptors on Sunday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 36 - 33 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 49 - 21 ) 110 - 107 on Sunday . The Pistons came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Blake Griffin was the star in the game , as he tallied 25 points , eight rebounds and three assists in the win . Andre Drummond also played well , as he double - doubled in a 15 - point , 17 - rebound performance . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , as he amassed 17 points , one rebound and four assists . On deck for the Pistons is a matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday . Toronto has been playing some of their best basketball of the season right now and it 's good to see them easily win a game they were supposed to . Kawhi Leonard once again carried the load , as he accumulated 33 points , 10 rebounds and two assists in the win . Fred VanVleet was second on the team off the bench , as he provided 17 points , one rebound and four assists . The Pistons will look to bounce back on Monday against the New York Knicks in their next game . This was Toronto 's first game without Danilo Gallinari and it really hurt them down the stretch . Kawhi Leonard did all he could though , as he scored 33 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in the loss . Andre Drummond also had a nice game , as he tallied 15 points , 17 rebounds and two steals in the defeat . The Raptors will look to grab that first elusive win in their next game against the New York Knicks on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 38 - 37 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 37 - 39 ) 115 - 98 on Thursday . The Pistons came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge road win . Blake Griffin was the hero , as he hit a game - winning three with three seconds left in the fourth quarter to put the Pistons up by two . This was a mental win for Detroit , as they dominated the turnover margin and the free - throw shooting . In fact , Detroit shot 50 percent from the field , 50 percent from the free - throw line and 49 percent from three - point range . Another key for the Pistons was their ability to draw fouls , as they went 17 - for - 35 from long distance , while the Magic went just 8 - for - 31 . The Magic have been a huge surprise this season and this win adds to their impressive resume . The defense was key , as they held the Magic to 39 percent shooting and forced them to commit 12 turnovers . The Pistons have been playing better recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Pistons team . Andre Drummond was a beast , as he tallied 18 points , 18 rebounds , four assists and six blocks in the win . D.J Augustin also played well off the bench , as he amassed 18 points , four assists and four steals . The Pistons will look to keep this momentum going against the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday . The Pistons have been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've won five of their last six games . Aaron Gordon was the player of the game , as he tallied 20 points , three rebounds and four assists . D.J . Augustin and Ish Smith also played well off the bench , as they scored 18 points a piece . On deck for the Pistons is a matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 39 - 37 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 48 - 28 ) 99 - 90 on Saturday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Pistons held the Blazers to 37 percent shooting and forced them to commit 16 turnovers . The Pistons ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while holding Portland to just 37 percent on their end . The Pistons also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Blazers 59 . Detroit came into this game as a 14 - point underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Damian Lillard once again carried the load , as he scored 28 points , while handing out three assists . Enes Kanter was huge off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 20 - point , 15 - rebound performance . On deck for the Pistons is a matchup with the Indiana Pacers on Monday . Detroit 's playoff hopes are slim , but this kept them alive for another day . Reggie Jackson was the star of the game , as he tallied 28 points , five assists and five steals in the win . Enes Kanter also played well , as he amassed 20 points and 15 rebounds of his own . It does n't get much easier for Portland , as they play the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday in their next game .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 108 - 89 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Wednesday . The Pacers ( 47 - 32 ) came into Wednesday 's contest looking to keep their faint playoff hopes alive and to complete a season sweep of the Pistons ( 39 - 39 ) . Given that they 'd blasted Detroit by 15 points in the first half , they outscored the Pistons ( 39 - 39 ) by a 58 - 47 margin over the third and fourth quarters . The visitors were led by Andre Drummond 's 28 - point , 19 - rebound double - double , which also included three assists , three blocks and three steals . Reggie Jackson was right behind him with a 16 - point , four - assist outing that also included a pair of steals . Domantas Sabonis provided 15 points , three rebounds and two assists . Reggie Jackson matched his point total and added four assists , five rebounds and a steal . Doug McDermott was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , four rebounds and two assists . Thaddeus Young paced Detroit with 21 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . Wayne Ellington was next with a bench - leading 24 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists and one steal . Reggie Jackson and Bojan Bogdanovic supplied a pair of 16 - point efforts , with the former adding four assists and five rebounds , and the latter supplying four rebounds , three assists and one block . Luke Kennard totaled 18 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting , including a 2 - of - 3 tally from three - point range .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 38 - 42 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 39 - 41 ) 104 - 91 on Sunday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Hornets put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Pistons held the Pistons to 37 percent shooting and forced them to commit nine turnovers . The Hornets ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while holding the Pistons to 37 percent shooting . The Hornets played this game without Tony Parker and Zaza Pachulia and did n't miss a beat . Ish Smith led the team with 20 points , while also providing four assists and four rebounds . Frank Kaminsky was a huge spark off the bench , as he amassed 24 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Hornets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday in their next game . Detroit has been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've won nine of their last 31 games . Kemba Walker led the team with 31 points , while also providing eight rebounds and seven assists . Blake Griffin had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 16 points , four rebounds and four assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , as he totaled 15 points and 23 rebounds . On deck for Detroit is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 40 - 41 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 32 - 49 ) 100 - 93 on Tuesday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pistons put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key for the Pistons , as they held the Grizzlies to 48 percent shooting and out - rebounded them , 40 - 43 . The defense was key for the Pistons , as they held Memphis to 48 percent shooting and forced them to commit 21 turnovers . Detroit was especially bad , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 81 percent from three - point range . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Pistons , as they led for over 40 minutes of this game . Bruno Smith was the hero , as he scored a game - high 15 points off the bench . Andre Drummond was a beast down low , as he totaled 20 points , 17 rebounds and three blocks in the win . Reggie Jackson had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 12 points , five rebounds and five assists . The only other notable stat line was Reggie Jackson , who scored 12 points off the bench . Memphis will return to action on Wednesday in a road matchup with the New York Knicks . Detroit ( 32 - 49 ) are slowly climbing back to .500 and this win may be what they need to go on a run over the final couple months . Andre Drummond was a beast , as he tallied 20 points , 17 rebounds , five steals and three blocks in the win . Delon Wright went just 4 - of - 6 from the field , but did accumulate 9 points , nine rebounds and two assists in his return to Indy . On deck for Detroit is a matchup against the New York Knicks on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 116 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . In this potential playoff preview , Toronto showed just how good they can be in their home building . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Raptors , with Cleveland maintaining just one lead in the first three minutes . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Toronto shooting 49 percent to Cleveland 's 40 percent . The Raptors also took care of the rebounding , winning that battle , 43 - 49 . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 14 more assists and committing nine less turnovers . The Cavaliers ( 0 - 1 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . George Hill was the player of the game , as he accumulated 24 points , 12 rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 22 from the field . Kawhi Leonard was second on the team , finishing with 24 points , 12 rebounds and two assists . Fred VanVleet was a huge spark off the bench , providing 14 points , two rebounds and five assists , while George Hill accrued 15 points , two rebounds and seven assists . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Boston Celtics on Friday . The Cavaliers ( 0 - 1 ) have been one of the disappointments of the season and a game like this is the last thing they needed . Kyle Lowry was the player of the game , as he accumulated 27 points , one rebound and eight assists . Kawhi Leonard was n't far behind , accumulating 24 points , 12 rebounds and two assists . Cedi on deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Boston Celtics , 113 - 101 , at American Airlines Arena on Friday . Toronto were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 62 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Celtics to 40 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range , while Toronto shot 47 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Celtics ( 1 - 1 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Raptors team . Serge Ibaka was the only starter in double figures , as he tallied 21 points , six rebounds and two steals . Serge Ibaka was second on the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . Al Horford recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists . Boston will host the Washington Wizards for their next game on Saturday . The Celtics ( 1 - 1 ) got some great efforts from their stud players , but fell just short when it mattered the most . Kawhi Leonard did all he could for Boston , as he led the team with 31 points and 10 rebounds . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , accumulating 15 points , six rebounds and six assists . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points and six rebounds . Jaylen Brown and Jaylen Brown led the bench in scoring , with 13 points apiece . On deck for the Celtics is a home matchup against the New York Knicks on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 127 - 106 , in double - overtime at American Airlines Arena on Monday . Toronto were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 56 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Raptors , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Toronto also took advantage of the whistle , going 12 - of - 39 from the free - throw line . Kemba Walker carried the load , as he scored a game - high 26 points to go along with five assists and three steals . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , two rebounds and 14 assists . Jonas Valanciunas amassed 17 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . Kemba Walker led the way for Toronto , as he accrued 26 points , five rebounds and five assists . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 10 rebounds . Danny Green was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 16 points , six rebounds and two assists . On deck for Charlotte is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 4 - 0 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . Kawhi Leonard led the team with 22 points , adding four rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , totaling 16 points , two rebounds and 14 assists . Danny Green was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 112 - 105 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 5 - 0 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior five games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Timberwolves ( 2 - 3 ) , managing a 52 percent success rate from the field and outrebounded them 44 - 44 . Kawhi Leonard led the way for the visitors with 35 points , five rebounds , five assists , two blocks and two steals . Derrick Rose followed with 16 points , five assists and three rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas contributed a 10 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Norman Powell was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Jimmy Butler paced the Timberwolves with 23 points , five assists , four rebounds and two blocks . Karl-Anthony Towns followed with 14 points , eight boards , one assist , three steals and three blocks . Jeff Teague filled out the stat sheet with 12 points , nine assists , two rebounds and one steal . Norman Powell led the second unit with 10 points , two assists , one rebound and one steal . Jimmy Butler led the way for Minnesota with 35 points , four rebounds , five assists and two steals . Derrick Rose was right behind him with 16 points , five assists and three rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas contributed an impressive 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist . Taj Gibson paced the bench with 13 points , six rebounds and one assist . The Timberwolves head back home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday night , while the Timberwolves remain home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday evening as well .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 116 - 107 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Mavericks ( 2 - 3 ) checked in to Friday 's contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak and this was a well - rounded team effort with a pair of standout performances . The dynamic duo of Kyle Lowry and Kyle Lowry led the way for the Raptors with matching 20 - point efforts , with the former adding 12 assists and four rebounds and the latter hauling in four boards and dishing out 12 assists . Wesley Matthews was right behind him with 21 points of his own , which he supplemented with a steal . Danny Green and Danny Green posted a pair of 15 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , a steal and a block , and the latter registering eight boards , one assist and one steal . DeAndre Jordan posted an 18 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included five assists and a block . Matthews was right behind with 21 points , one rebound and one assist . Jonas Valanciunas chipped in with 17 points , eight boards , one assist and one steal . Danny Green totaled 15 points , eight boards , one steal and one block . DeAndre Jordan led the second unit with 18 points , 15 rebounds , five assists and one block . The Mavericks head back home to take on the Utah Jazz on Sunday afternoon , while the Mavericks head to Milwaukee to take on the Jazz on Monday evening as well .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 129 - 112 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . While this scoreline looks moderately close , the Raptors had this game well in hand early on . In fact , they led by 14 headed into the fourth quarter , but proceeded to outscore the 76ers , 24 - 26 , in the fourth quarter to comeback and win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor , with Toronto going 24 - of - 28 from the charity stripe , while Philadelphia could only hit 22 - of - 30 . Kawhi Leonard was the star , as he led the Raptors with 31 points , adding seven rebounds and four assists to his tally . Ben Simmons was second on the team , providing 11 points and eight rebounds off the bench . Pascal Siakam recorded a double - double off the bench , providing 15 points and 15 rebounds . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Toronto , as he tallied 31 points , seven rebounds , four assists and four steals . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , three rebounds and 12 assists . Ben Simmons came off the bench to provide 11 points , eight rebounds and four assists . On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup versus the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday . The Raptors ( 7 - 1 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kawhi Leonard continued his barrage , as he led the team with 31 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Jonas Valanciunas amassed 23 points and four rebounds . Robert Covington accrued 15 points , four rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Serge Ibaka totaled 16 points , eight rebounds , two steals and three blocks . J.J. Redick scored 13 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting . Toronto will be off until Friday , when they host the Phoenix Suns for their next game .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the New York Knicks , 128 - 112 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Raptors took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Toronto winning that quarter , 39 - 28 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Toronto recording five more assists than New York , while committing nine less turnovers . The Raptors also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 46 - 47 . The Knicks ( 4 - 9 ) continue to blitz opponents with their up - tempo offense , and the Knicks simply could n't keep up with them . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring , accruing 27 points , four rebounds and two assists on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Kawhi Leonard was just as good , accumulating 12 points , seven rebounds and three assists of his own . Enes Kanter was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 15 points and 15 rebounds . Kawhi Leonard was the only other starter with more than 11 points , as he accumulated 12 points , seven rebounds and three assists . New York deck for New York is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Sunday . Toronto ( 12 - 1 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team with 27 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting , as he went 11 - of - 17 from the field . Both teams return to action on Monday , as the Knicks travel to Orlando to play the Magic and the Knicks host the Orlando Pelicans .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Raptors , 126 - 60 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . In a battle between two struggling teams , the game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 13 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Pelicans going 10 - of - 27 and the Raptors hitting just 17 - of - 17 from long distance . New Orleans took advantage of the happy whistle , as they went 8 - of - 27 from the free - throw line and 17 - of - 17 from the free - throw line . The Pelicans bench was huge as well , outscoring Raptors 's bench , 55 - 28 . The Raptors ( 24 - 24 ) had to play this game without Jahlil Okafor ( knee ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Pelicans team . Anthony Davis was the player of the game , accumulating 25 points , 20 rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 29 points , three rebounds and 14 assists . Julius Randle recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 12 rebounds . The Raptors will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Raptors . Toronto ( 7 - 6 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles . E'Twaun Moore led the team in scoring , as he dropped 30 points on 3 - of - 5 from three - point range . Kawhi Leonard was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and two assists . Serge Ibaka recorded a 19 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Raptors on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the host Toronto Raptors , 106 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . It 's rare to see Toronto dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , this was a wire - to - wire win for the Pistons , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 30 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Toronto to 49 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 20 turnovers . The Pistons ended up shooting 48 percent from the field , while holding the Raptors to just 49 percent . Toronto also took care of the defensive rebounding , winning that battle , 33 - 24 . The Pistons ( 7 - 3 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kawhi Leonard continued his torrid stretch , as he led the team with 26 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Kyle Lowry finished second on the team , totaling 14 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Greg Monroe was a huge spark off the bench , providing 17 points and nine rebounds . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 12 rebounds and a block . The Raptors will be in action again on Friday against the Boston Celtics . The Pistons ( 7 - 6 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Toronto , as they had six players score at least 13 points . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , dropping 26 points and nine rebounds on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , totaling 14 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Greg Monroe was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 17 points and nine rebounds . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points , 12 rebounds and a block .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Washington Wizards , 125 - 107 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Wizards were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 32 minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Wizards to 40 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 12 turnovers . In addition , Toronto shot 49 percent from the field , 84 percent from the free - throw line and 44 percent from three - point range . The Raptors ( 6 - 12 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . Kawhi Leonard carried the load for Washington , as he tallied 27 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , finishing with 11 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 13 points and seven assists , while Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points and six rebounds . Toronto will host the Miami Heat on Saturday for their next game . The Wizards ( 6 - 12 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . Bradley Beal led Washington in scoring , as he provided 20 points , four rebounds and six assists . John Wall finished with 15 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Otto Porter was second on the team , providing 17 points and seven rebounds . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Toronto will host the Miami Heat on Sunday for their next game .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Miami Heat , 125 - 115 , at American Airlines Arena on Sunday . Toronto were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 34 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Heat to 41 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Miami , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 17 - 4 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Heat is just what they need to get going . Dwyane Wade led the team in scoring , as he tallied 35 points , five rebounds and six assists on 13 - of - 22 from the field . Pascal Siakam was a nice spark off the bench , providing 21 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 9 shooting . Josh Richardson was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 19 points , five rebounds and two steals . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 21 rebounds in the win . Miami will look to keep rolling on Tuesday , when they host the Memphis Grizzlies for their next game . Miami ( 7 - 12 ) have been playing better recently , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Miami , as he tallied 29 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Jonas Valanciunas finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , six rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Kyle Lowry finished with 12 points , two rebounds and 10 assists . Toronto will look to keep rolling on Tuesday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Golden State Warriors , 131 - 128 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . The Warriors have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Warriors in this dominating win . In fact , Toronto pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Warriors to 49 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Golden State , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 19 - 4 ) have been playing much better recently , but this was a tough task against a potent Toronto offense . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , as he tallied 37 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 24 shooting . Kyle Lowry was second on the team , accumulating 10 points , eight rebounds , 12 assists and three steals in the win . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , nine rebounds and two steals . Jonas Valanciunas was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 20 points , nine rebounds and three steals . Toronto will host the Detroit Pistons on Saturday for their next game . The Raptors ( 19 - 8 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Kawhi Leonard was once again the catalyst , as he led the team with 37 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 24 shooting . Kyle Lowry finished second on the team , totaling 10 points , eight rebounds and 12 assists . Jonas Valanciunas was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points and four rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting . The Warriors will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Toronto Raptors , 106 - 103 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . This game meant much more to the Nuggets than the Raptors and they showed that in this one . In fact , Denver pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a triple - digit lead for the final three quarters . Defense was key for Denver , as they held Toronto to 46 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was the biggest difference for Denver , as they won that battle , 49 - 41 . The Nuggets ( 16 - 7 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Raptors is just what they need to get going . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Toronto , as he tallied 27 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Serge Ibaka finished with 15 points , five rebounds and two assists . Malik Beasley led the bench with 15 points , two rebounds and two assists . Denver 's next game will be on Wednesday , when they take on the Orlando 76ers . Toronto ( 16 - 7 ) had to play this game without Greg Monroe and that really hurt them in this loss . Nikola Jokic recorded a triple - triple in the win , accumulating 23 points , 11 rebounds and 15 assists . Jamal Murray was second on the team , dropping 21 points and dishing out eight assists . Jonas Valanciunas was the only other starter in triple figures , as he accrued 14 points , six rebounds and seven assists on 6 - of - 10 shooting . The Raptors will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday for their next game .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 113 - 102 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Raptors took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Toronto winning that quarter , 30 - 20 . Shooting was the key difference , with Toronto shooting just 43 percent to the Sixers 45 percent . The Sixers also took care of the glass , winning the rebounding differential , 53 - 49 . Jonas Valanciunas was the only Philadelphia starter with more than eight points , as he dropped 18 points and eight rebounds on 9 - of - 13 shooting . J.J. Redick led Toronto in scoring , as he dropped 25 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Joel Embiid was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 10 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Toronto will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Brooklyn Nets . Toronto ( 17 - 5 ) had to play this game without Amir Johnson ( eye ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Raptors team . Jonas Valanciunas was the player of the game , as he totaled 26 points and eight rebounds in the loss . Jonas Valanciunas finished second on the team , totaling 26 points and eight rebounds , while J.J. Redick accrued 25 points and four assists . Ben Simmons and Ben Simmons came off the bench to score eight points a piece . Philadelphia 's next game will be on Friday , when they host the Detroit Pistons .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Toronto Raptors , 104 - 99 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . In this potential playoff preview , Milwaukee showed just how good they can be in their home building . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Bucks , as they led for over 41 minutes of this game , with Toronto having just one one - point lead in the first quarter . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with Milwaukee winning that quarter , 26 - 19 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Milwaukee recording five more assists than the Raptors , while committing nine less turnovers . The Bucks ( 17 - 8 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Raptors is just what they need to get going . Brook Lopez led the way for Toronto , as he tallied 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Fred VanVleet was second on the team , as he provided 19 points , two rebounds and two assists off the bench . Kawhi Leonard was the only other starter with more than 10 points , as he tallied 20 points , eight rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Malcolm Brogdon led the bench with 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Toronto ( 21 - 7 ) had to play this game without George Hill and Derrick Hill , as they did n't miss a beat . Serge Ibaka led the team in scoring , as he accrued 22 points , six rebounds and two blocks . Kawhi Leonard was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 20 points , eight rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Pascal Siakam scored a career - high 17 points and grabbed seven boards off the bench as well . Toronto will host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday for their next game .
San Antonio were expected to win this game easily and holding the lead for 48 minutes of this matchup shows just that . In fact , Indiana pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 25 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Toronto to 48 percent shooting from the field and three - point range , while forcing them to commit 9 turnovers . Kawhi Leonard carried the load for Indiana , as he tallied 28 points , 10 rebounds and six assists . Bojan Bogdanovic finished with 18 points and five rebounds . Domantas Sabonis started and totaled 12 points , five rebounds and three assists . Greg Monroe led the bench , as he totaled 13 points and eight rebounds . Kawhi Leonard was the player of the game , as he accumulated 28 points , 10 rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 23 shooting . Domantas Sabonis started and totaled 12 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Fred VanVleet led the bench with 11 points and two rebounds , while Thaddeus Young and Thaddeus Young each scored 11 points a piece . On deck for Indiana is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday . The Pacers ( 24 - 12 ) have been struggling mightily , but this was a tough task against a hungry Raptors team . Kawhi Leonard led Indiana in scoring , as he accumulated 28 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and four steals . Myles Turner amassed 10 points , 14 rebounds , two steals and five blocks .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 126 - 110 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . In this potential playoff preview , Toronto showed just how good they can be in their home building . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Raptors , as they led for the final 42 minutes . In addition , Toronto held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was key , with the Raptors shooting 53 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover differential was decisive as well , with the Raptors recording 21 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Cavaliers committed 11 turnovers to 20 assists . Cleveland had one of their best offensive games of the season , going 53 percent from the field and assisted on 21 of their 48 made baskets . Their defense was n't bad either , as they held Cleveland to 48 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . Jordan Clarkson led the way for Cleveland , as he tallied 20 points , four rebounds and four assists off the bench . OG bench was the only other player with more than 12 points , as the other four starters combined for just 17 points . Larry VanVleet led the bench , as he provided 14 points , five rebounds and eight assists , Fred Žižić was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points , five rebounds , eight assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday . The Cavaliers ( 8 - 25 ) have now lost eight of their last 17 games , as they continue to walk away with the win . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Cleveland , as he accumulated 37 points , six rebounds and three steals on 12 - of - 16 shooting . Pascal Siakam recorded a season - high in three points , as he scored 15 points on 6 - of - 17 shooting . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Chicago Bulls , 95 - 89 , at AT & T Center on Sunday . Toronto was expected to win this game easily and they left Chicago all on the floor . Toronto actually led for the majority of the game , as Chicago never led by more than two points . The Raptors offense was on point , as they shot 37 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 27 - 11 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Kawhi Leonard carried the load , as he tallied 27 points , nine rebounds and three steals . Pascal Siakam was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points and 12 rebounds . Serge Ibaka was the only other Chicago player in double figures , totaling 20 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . The Raptors will be in action again on Wednesday against the Orlando Jazz . The Raptors ( 27 - 11 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Kawhi Leonard did all he could for Chicago , as he led the team with 27 points on 8 - of - 22 shooting . Pascal Siakam recorded a double - double in the win , totaling 20 points and 11 rebounds . Danny Green was second on the team , scoring 10 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting . Chicago will look to get out of this slide on Tuesday , when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Utah Jazz , 122 - 116 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . It 's rare to see Utah dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Jazz to 43 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Utah , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 28 - 11 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Raptors team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Jae Crowder was the player of the game , as he collected 30 points , six rebounds and four steals on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Derrick Favors was second on the team , with his 21 points , nine rebounds and two blocks . Rudy Gobert was a presence down low , accumulating 16 points , nine rebounds and two steals . Ricky Rubio scored 14 points and dished out eight assists , while Powell finished with 14 points and three boards . On deck for the Raptors is a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Friday . The Jazz ( 18 - 20 ) have now lost four of their last five games , as this was a tough task against a feisty Jazz bunch . Jae Crowder led the way in scoring , tallying 30 points and six rebounds . Derrick Favors was second on the team , with his 21 points and nine boards . Rudy Gobert was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points and nine rebounds . Norman Powell was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 14 points in 22 minutes . Utah will host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday for their next game .
The Toronto Raptors ( 30 - 12 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 26 - 13 ) 121 - 105 on Sunday at the American Airlines Center in Toronto . The Raptors got off to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Pacers 37 - 35 in the first quarter alone . The Raptors were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 52 percent from the field and 52 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went 46 percent from the floor and just 24 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors also forced the Pacers into 14 turnovers , while committing only 15 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Raptors were led by Bojan Bogdanovic , who went 9 - for - 18 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 21 points , while also adding nine rebounds and three assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 17 rebounds over his last two games . Domantas Sabonis chipped in with 16 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) and nine rebounds as well . The Raptors ' bench struggled to offer any help , as they did most of the damage from the free throw line . Point guard Kyle Lowry had his best game of the season . He went 4 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 12 points , while also adding eight assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 38 points and 20 rebounds over his last two games . Powell on the other hand came off the bench for 15 points ( 10 - 12 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) and two steals in 27 minutes . He 's now averaging 14 points and 5 rebounds on the season . The only other Raptor to reach double figures in points was Thaddeus Young , who contributed 14 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) and nine rebounds . The Raptors ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday , while the Pacers will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 104 - 101 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . In this potential playoff preview , Toronto showed just how good they can be in their home building . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Raptors , as they led for the final 42 minutes . In addition , Toronto held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was key , with the Raptors shooting 46 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Hawks could only muster up 46 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Raptors recording 26 assists to 18 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 26 turnovers to just 22 assists . John Collins carried the load for Atlanta , as he led the team with 21 points , 14 rebounds and two assists . Jeremy Lin was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Kawhi Leonard was the player of the game , as he collected 31 points , four rebounds , six assists and six steals on 11 - of - 18 from the field . Kyle Lowry finished with 16 points , two rebounds , six assists and four steals . Trae on deck for Atlanta is a road matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 31 - 12 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , as he tallied 31 points , four rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 18 shooting . Kyle Lowry finished second on the team , totaling 16 points , two rebounds , six assists and four steals . Trae on deck for Atlanta is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 122 - 105 , at AT & T Center on Friday . Despite the Nets leading for the first 43 minutes of this game , the Raptors took the most important one to escape with a win . In fact , the three - point margin was Toronto 's biggest lead , as they outscored the Nets , 23 - 30 , in the fourth quarter . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Toronto winning that battle , 55 - 54 . They also dominated the assist differential , recording 32 assists to Brooklyn 's 20 . Three-point shooting really killed Brooklyn , as they went just 11 - of - 30 from the charity stripe . Brooklyn ( 32 - 12 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles . Shabazz Napier led the team in scoring , as he dropped 15 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Pascal Siakam was a nice spark off the bench , tallying 16 points and six rebounds on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Shabazz Napier led the team in scoring off the bench , as he totaled 15 points and five assists . Brooklyn 's next game is on Sunday , when they take on the Boston Celtics at home . The Raptors ( 32 - 12 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and four assists . Shabazz Napier led the team in scoring , as he totaled 15 points , two rebounds and five assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Kyle Lowry accumulated just 4 points , two rebounds and eight assists , while Serge Ibaka finished with 14 points , nine rebounds and two steals . Shabazz Powell was a huge spark off the bench , dropping 15 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Brooklyn will host the Boston Celtics for their next game on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Suns , 111 - 100 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . It 's rare to see Phoenix dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 25 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Phoenix to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 16 turnovers . The Raptors ended up shooting 50 percent from the field , while holding the Suns to 43 percent . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Toronto winning that battle , 39 - 30 . The Suns ( 30 - 35 ) had to play this game without Kawhi Leonard , but they did n't miss a beat . Serge Ibaka led the team in scoring , as he accrued 22 points and six rebounds . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points and nine rebounds . Pascal Siakam recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 10 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat . The Suns next game will be on Saturday , when they host the Charlotte Hornets . The Suns ( 11 - 35 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 30 points and two rebounds on 10 - of - 21 shooting off the bench . Kelly Oubre Jr. was also productive off the bench , accruing 18 points , nine rebounds and four steals . Pascal Siakam recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 10 points and 12 rebounds . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 119 - 90 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Toronto . The Raptors actually dominated the turnover differential , as they won the rebounding battle , 42 - 42 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 22 . The Raptors ended up shooting 49 percent from the field , while holding the Grizzlies to just 42 percent from the field . The Grizzlies ( 19 - 27 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Memphis just adds to their impressive resume ' . Danny Green was the player of the game , as he dropped a game - high 24 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Shelvin Mack finished second on the team , totaling 14 points , three rebounds and five assists off the bench . Ivan Rabb drew the start at power forward and finished with 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 10 shooting . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . Toronto ( 35 - 13 ) had to play this game without Marc Gasol ( ankle ) , but they still played well and pulled out a dominating victory . Danny Green was the only starter who played well , as he tallied 24 points , six rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Ivan Rabb drew the start at power forward and finished with 13 points and 11 rebounds . On deck for the Grizzlies is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 36 - 13 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 24 ) 120 - 105 on Tuesday at the American Airlines Center in Toronto . The Raptors got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Kings 29 - 34 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Raptors also shot the ball well , going 44 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 45 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors also forced the Kings into 14 turnovers , while committing just 16 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Raptors were led by Marvin Bagley , who went 10 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points , while also adding 11 rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 19 points and 4 rebounds . Lowry , on the other hand , finished with 19 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , nine rebounds and nine assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . The 34 points were also a season - high for him , while the double - double was his first of the year as well . Posting a double - double of his own , Bogdan Bogdanovic recorded 16 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , eight rebounds and nine assists . Over his last three games he 's averaging 16 points and seven assists , as he 's been one of the few bright spots for the Kings . Buddy Hield chipped in 15 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and three rebounds in 29 minutes . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday , while the Kings will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 37 - 13 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 37 - 16 ) 105 - 92 on Thursday . Milwaukee came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Milwaukee was their shooting , as they shot 49 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range in their win . Milwaukee also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 50 - 39 and outscored the Raptors in the paint , 22 - 18 . The Bucks also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 50 boards to the Raptors 39 . The Bucks also shot 49 percent from the field , while holding the Raptors to 40 percent on their end . The Bucks have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Bucks team . Giannis Antetokounmpo led Toronto with 19 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Serge Ibaka had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 12 points , 10 rebounds , two assists , two steals and three blocks . The Raptors will look to keep this momentum going against the Washington Wizards on Sunday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Toronto , but it was n't for a lack of effort . They were led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who tallied 19 points , nine rebounds , five assists , four steals and two blocks in the win . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he amassed 18 points , six rebounds and four assists . Khris Middleton also had a nice game , as he amassed 18 points , six rebounds and four assists . The Bucks will look to build off this win when they take on the Washington Wizards on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 121 - 103 , at United Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Toronto were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business in the second half , outscoring the Clippers , 68 - 43 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Clippers to 43 percent from the field and 17 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 38 - 16 ) had to play this game without Marcin Gortat and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Raptors bunch . Shai was the only bright spot , as he led the team with 19 points , five rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Serge Ibaka recorded a 16 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . Serge Ibaka totaled 16 points and 12 rebounds . C.J . Miles led the bench in scoring , dropping 15 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting . The Clippers return to action on Tuesday , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers for their next game . Toronto ( 29 - 16 ) has been dominant at home this season and this win adds to those numbers . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points , five rebounds and three steals on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Serge Ibaka was second among starters in double figures , as he double - doubled in a 16 - point , 12 - rebound outing . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 42 - 16 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 29 - 29 ) 127 - 125 on Monday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Raptors put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Nets held the Nets to 52 percent shooting and forced them to commit 14 turnovers . The Toronto offense was n't shabby either , as they shot an absurd 54 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . Kawhi Leonard was the star of the show though , as he tallied 30 points , two rebounds and eight assists in the win . Serge Ibaka also played well , as he double - doubled in a 18 - point , 12 - rebound performance . On deck for the Raptors is a matchup with the Washington Wizards on Wednesday . Brooklyn is now 3 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . Kawhi Leonard was the star for the game , as he scored 30 points while snatching down a pair of rebounds . Joe Harris also had a nice game off the bench , as he scored 24 points . Allen Crabbe was a great spark off the bench , as he scored 22 points . Allen Crabbe was a nice spark off the bench , as he provided 22 points and three rebounds . Up next for the Raptors is a matchup with the Cleveland Wizards on Wednesday . Toronto continues to thrive at home and this sort of win shows how scary they can be . Kyle Lowry was the star of the game , as he tallied 28 points , 7 assists and seven rebounds in the win . Serge Ibaka also played well , as he double - doubled in a 18 - point , 12 - rebound performance . On deck for the Raptors is a matchup against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Washington Wizards , 129 - 120 , at Verizon Center on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 43 - 16 ) have been a dominant team at home all season , having secured 18 of the 35 victories they 'd come in to Wednesday with at home . However , they may have gotten off to a magnificent start in that regard with a 30 - point first quarter . However , Toronto roared back in the third quarter by outscoring Washington by a 26 - 44 margin over the final 11 minutes to secure the double - digit win . The Wizards ( 24 - 34 ) decisively erased a 30 - 30 first - quarter deficit by outscoring Washington by a 27 - 11 margin in the third quarter before sealing the deal with an impressive 26 - point fourth period . Bradley Beal led the way for the Wizards with 28 points , a total he complemented with 11 assists , three rebounds , one steal and one block . OG shooting guard Jeff Green was next with a bench - leading 23 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , two assists and one steal . Trevor Ariza and Norman Powell followed with matching 19 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , six assists and one steal , and the latter providing four rebounds and four assists . Norman Powell drew the start and produced 11 points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Danny Green and Danny Green supplied a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds and one steal and the latter supplying four rebounds and one steal . The Wizards head back home to face the San Antonio Spurs on Friday evening , while the Wizards head to Toronto to take on the Hornets on Friday evening as well .
The Toronto Raptors ( 44 - 16 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 33 - 27 ) 120 - 117 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially San Antonio , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 47 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 48 boards to the Spurs 48 . The three - point shooting was a huge difference as well , with Toronto going 14 - for - 30 while the Spurs went 12 - for - 37 . San Antonio also forced the Spurs into 14 turnovers , while committing just nine of their own . The problem for the Raptors was the rebounding , as they snatched down 47 boards to the Spurs 48 . San Antonio has been throttling teams , but this was easily their worst offensive performance of the year . No player scored more than 21 points and no player scored more than 25 . DeMar DeRozan led the team with 23 points and eight assists , while going 8 - for - 12 from the field . Danny Green was second on the team , as he scored 17 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting . On deck for San Antonio is a matchup with the New York Knicks on Sunday . Toronto continues to thrive at home and this sort of win shows how scary they can be . DeMar DeRozan once again led the team with 23 points , as he shot 7 - for - 12 from the field . Kyle Lowry was the only other player with more than 16 points , as he collected 17 points , three rebounds and five assists . This was a tough loss for San Antonio , but they 'll look to keep that momentum going against the Orlando Magic on Sunday .
The Orlando Magic ( 28 - 33 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 44 - 17 ) 113 - 98 on Sunday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Orlando shot 46 percent from the field , while holding Toronto to just 42 percent shooting . The Orlando offense was n't shabby either , as they shot a cool 46 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . They also held Toronto to 42 percent shooting in a game that was well in hand . The Magic shot 46 percent from the field , while holding the Raptors to just 42 percent shooting . Kyle Lowry was the star of the game , as he tallied 19 points , four rebounds and 10 assists off the bench . Nikola Vucevic also had a nice game , as he double - doubled in a 23 - point , 12 - rebound performance . On deck for the Magic is a matchup with the New York Knicks on Tuesday . Toronto continues to thrive at home and this sort of win shows how scary they can be . Terrence Ross led the team with 28 points and also provided nine rebounds and one assist . Marc Gasol was great as well , as he accumulated 16 points , five rebounds and five assists . Pascal Siakam recorded a double - double in the win , as he scored 10 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in the win . Up next for the Magic is a date with the New York Knicks on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 45 - 17 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 37 - 24 ) 118 - 95 on Tuesday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Boston , as they shot 38 percent from the field and 20 percent from three - point range . The third quarter is where Toronto really turned it on , as they outscored Boston , 23 - 27 . Toronto came into this game as a heavy underdog and rode their bench to a win . Marcus Morris had one of his best games of the season though , as he scored 17 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Kawhi Leonard was the only other player who scored more than 11 for Toronto , as he tallied 21 points , six rebounds and four assists in the defeat . The Celtics will look to play better on Wednesday when they play the Portland Trail Blazers ( 14 - 24 ) . The Raptors continue to struggle in their home building , but this was a tough task against a feisty Toronto team . Pascal Siakam was a lone bright spot in the win though , as he led the team with 25 points and eight rebounds in a great performance . Kyle Lowry also had a nice game , as he tallied 7 points , 11 assists and six rebounds in the victory . Boston will look to build off this win when they take on the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back set . Boston played this game without Brad Gallinari ( hand ) and it clearly hurt them late . Kyrie Irving was the star of the show , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and an assist in just 27 minutes of action . Boston will have a few days off until they play the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday in their next game .
The Toronto Raptors ( 46 - 17 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 38 - 24 ) 119 - 117 on Friday . The statistics would indicate a Portland win , but that simply was n't the case . Portland held the Trail Blazers to just 49 percent shooting from the field and held them to just 49 percent shooting from long distance . The free - throw shooting was pathetic from both teams , as Toronto went 19 - for - 21 , while the Raptors went 19 - for - 21 . Portland also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 32 boards to the Blazers 42 . The three - point shooting percentages were nearly dead - even , but Toronto doubled up the Trail Blazers in this game . Portland came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . C.J . McCollum had a monster game , as he tallied 35 points , four rebounds and five assists in the victory . Damian Lillard also had a nice game , as he accumulated 24 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the victory . Toronto will have a few days off until they play the Detroit Pistons on Sunday in their next game . Portland has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Marc Gasol was spectacular in this game , as he accumulated 19 points , eight rebounds , six assists and two steals in the win . C.J . McCollum led the team with 35 points , while C.J . McCollum tallied 35 points of his own . On deck for Portland is a game against the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday .
The Houston Rockets ( 39 - 25 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 46 - 19 ) 107 - 95 on Tuesday . The Rockets came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was the free - throw shooting , as the Rockets went just 12 - for - 16 while the Raptors went just 12 - for - 32 . Houston also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 43 - 47 and outscored the Raptors in the paint , 18 - 7 . The Rockets actually dominated the rebounding , as they brought down 47 boards to the Rockets 47 . Houston came into this game as a huge underdog , but gave a valiant effort in a tough defeat . Kawhi Leonard was the star , as he tallied a game - high 26 points , six rebounds and three assists in the win . Serge Ibaka also played well , as he double - doubled in a 17 - point , 15 - rebound performance . On deck for the Rockets is a matchup with the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday . Toronto has been playing some of their best basketball of the season right now and it 's good to see them easily win a game they are supposed to . James Harden was once again the catalyst , as he tallied 35 points , three rebounds and three assists in the loss . Pascal Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 10 points and six rebounds . On deck for the Raptors is a matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 49 - 20 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 31 - 37 ) 111 - 98 on Thursday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Los Angeles , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Raptors lost the game , as they outscored the Lakers 32 to 29 . Toronto actually came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . They held the Lakers to just 45 percent shooting and a dreadful 7 - for - 31 from three - point range . The second quarter was when Toronto made their mark , as they outscored Los Angeles by 16 in the second half . Toronto was led by Kawhi Leonard , who tallied 25 points , eight rebounds and four steals in the loss . They also got a nice performance from Alex Caruso , who contributed 16 points , five rebounds and five assists in the victory . Toronto will have a few days off until they play the Detroit Pistons on Friday in their next game . The Raptors played one of their best games of the season here to win their fourth game in their last five . Kawhi Leonard had a vintage performance , as he tallied 25 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Norman Powell started for Danilo Gallinari and tallied 20 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Pascal Siakam scored a career - high 16 points and added five rebounds off the bench . On deck for the Lakers is a matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 50 - 21 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 14 - 57 ) 128 - 92 on Monday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . The Raptors had a very strong first half Monday , out - scoring the Knicks 38 - 25 . The Raptors made a run in the third quarter though , and went on to out - score the Knicks 27 - 23 in the final quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Raptors were the superior shooters in this game , going 56 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went just 33 percent from the floor and 23 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors were led by the duo of Allonzo Jeremy Lin and Pascal Siakam . Each recorded a double - double , as Lin finished with 20 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , three rebounds and two assists , while Gasol posted 12 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and 11 rebounds . Gasol had scored 12 points or less in each of his last three games , so it was good to see him get back on track Monday . The only other Knick to reach double figures in points was Kevin Knox , who finished with 12 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and six rebounds . The Raptors ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday , while the Knicks will travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 43 - 30 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 51 - 22 ) 116 - 109 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Oklahoma City shot 45 percent from the field , 86 percent from the free - throw line and 47 percent from three - point range . The game was close throughout , as there were 11 ties and eight lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Thunder recording 30 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Raptors committed 21 turnovers to just 20 assists . The Raptors ( 51 - 22 ) had now lost 11 of their last 14 games , as they continue to roll . Kawhi Leonard once again carried the load , as he tallied 37 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals on 12 - of - 23 from the field . Pascal Siakam was a nice spark off the bench , providing 25 points and five rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Jerami Grant finished with 19 points , three rebounds and two assists of his own off the bench . Oklahoma City will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Memphis Grizzlies . Toronto ( 51 - 22 ) had to play this game without Devin Booker and Eric Cousins , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Thunder . Dennis Schroeder was the player of the game , as he accumulated 26 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Pascal Siakam scored a season - high 25 points , adding five rebounds to his tally on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Danny Green scored just 19 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting , going 6 - of - 11 from three - point range . The Thunder will be off until Monday , when they host the Charlotte Grizzlies for their next game .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 34 - 39 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 51 - 23 ) 115 - 114 on Sunday . Charlotte came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . They really took control in the first half , as the Hornets led by double - digits for the majority of the game . Charlotte shot 44 percent from the field , while Toronto shot 58 percent on their end . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as the Hornets recorded 39 assists to Toronto 's 29 . The Raptors also shot 58 percent from the field , 88 percent from the free - throw line and 44 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 35 - 29 . The Raptors ( 51 - 23 ) are now tied with the Washington Wizards for the three - seed in the East , as this loss could cause complications for playoff positioning . Dwayne Bacon was the lone bright spot , as he led the team with 20 points and four steals . Willy Hernangomez recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 10 rebounds . Marc Gasol was the only other Toronto player in double figures , accumulating 17 points , four rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Hornets is a road matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday . The Raptors ( 51 - 23 ) had to play this game without Jeremy Lin and that really hurt them in this loss . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , as he accumulated 28 points , nine rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 18 shooting . Pascal Siakam came off the bench to provide 23 points and seven rebounds . Marc Gasol was the only other Toronto player in double figures , as he accumulated 17 points , four rebounds and six assists . The Raptors will host the Chicago Bulls for their next game on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 52 - 23 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 21 - 54 ) 112 - 103 on Tuesday . The game was the tale of two starting units , with Toronto 's first group generating a balanced and productive effort , while Toronto 's offense was decidedly top - heavy . Only stalwart Toronto player managed to reach double - digit scoring , and the Raptors managed just a 45 percent success rate from the field overall . The Bulls were led by Norman Powell 's 20 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , two assists and three steals . Kyle Lowry followed with 14 points , six assists , two rebounds and a steal . Kawhi Leonard was just short of a double - double , supplying 14 points , four rebounds , five assists and six steals . Pascal Siakam ( two points , five rebounds ) and Jeremy Lin ( two points , two assists , four rebounds and a steal ) and Robin Lopez ( two points , six rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks ) filled the stat sheet as well as solid scoring as the starting frontcourt . The Bulls were led by Wayne Powell , who led the way with 20 points , three rebounds and three assists . Ryan Arcidiacono and Ryan Arcidiacono were next with a pair of 13 - point efforts . The former added six rebounds , two assists and two steals , while the latter supplied five rebounds , two assists and three steals . Kawhi Leonard was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , collecting 14 points , four boards , five assists and six steals . Antonio remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and possesses the second seed in the conference , two games back of the Cleveland Cavaliers . They 're home again on Thursday night for a showdown with the New York Knicks .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Orlando Magic , 121 - 109 , at United Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Toronto were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Raptors outscored the Magic 33 - 34 in the fourth quarter . Defense was key for Toronto , as they held Orlando to 46 percent from the field ( 43 - of - 93 ) and 36 percent from three - point range ( 12 - of - 33 ) . The Magic shot 46 percent from the field , while holding the Magic to just 46 percent on their end . The Raptors ( 55 - 23 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to limp to the finish line . Danny Fournier led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . Marc Gasol was just as good , accumulating 13 points , four rebounds and four assists . Serge Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 15 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , four rebounds and two assists . Toronto will host the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday for their next game . The Magic ( 38 - 40 ) had lost 13 - straight home games headed into this matchup and it took a monster effort from the Raptors to snap that lengthy streak . Evan Fournier led Orlando in scoring , as he accrued 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . Kawhi Leonard was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 13 points and 13 rebounds . Fred VanVleet led the bench , as he provided 11 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Magic will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Brooklyn Nets .
The Toronto Raptors ( 57 - 24 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 38 - 42 ) 117 - 109 on Sunday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Miami , as they shot 41 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Raptors won the game , as they outscored the Heat by 15 points in that 26 - minute stretch . Toronto has been playing the best defense in the NBA over recent weeks and continued that form here . Dwyane Wade led the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points , three rebounds and five assists in the victory . Kawhi Leonard also played well , as he amassed 22 points , four rebounds and four assists . The bench was spectacular as well , as Danny Green , Dion Waiters and Justise Winslow combined for 16 points , nine rebounds and nine assists . The Raptors have a quick turnaround , as they play the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday in their next game . Toronto has been playing some great ball as of late and they appear unbeatable at home . They are now 0 - 6 without Duncan and that was n't the difference in this game . Dwyane Wade did all he could though , as he scored 21 points in the loss . Norman Powell led the team with 23 points and also snatched down three rebounds . Miami will look to bounce back on Tuesday against the Philadelphia 76ers in their next game .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Houston Rockets 131 - 112 at Toyota Center on Wednesday . The Pelicans ( 1 - 0 ) maintained a lead throughout most of the Western Conference clash with the Rockets ( 0 - 1 ) , which included a 21 point lead at the half . Drama ensued down the stretch , started by Eric Gordon , who finished with a team - high 21 points on an efficient 7 - of - 14 shooting from the field in 29 minutes . Nikola Mirotic ( ankle ) made his season debut and did not return , finishing with eight points and eight rebounds in 36 minutes . The Pelicans were led by Eric Gordon , who scored a team - high 21 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting and grabbed one assist in 29 minutes as a reserve . Julius Randle put up a nice line of 25 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting from the field , and grabbed eight rebounds in 23 minutes . As a team , the Pelicans were hot from behind the arc , hitting 10 of their 25 shots from long range ( 40 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Rockets , they did not have the same success from the field , as the team shot just 42 percent from the field and 33 percent from behind the arc . Nikola Mirotic was a bright spot for the Pelicans , as he scored 30 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 6 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and grabbed 10 rebounds in 29 minutes of play . Julius Randle also had a solid showing , posting 25 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , eight rebounds and three assists in 23 minutes . The Pelicans will head to Los Angeles to play the Lakers on Friday , while the Rockets will go on the road to face the Kings on Saturday .
The Jazz were expected to win this game easily and a wire - to - wire win would just confirm that notion . In fact , the Jazz took a 10 - point lead after the first quarter , as the game never got within seven points after that . Rebounding was the key for the Jazz , winning that battle , 56 - 35 . Three-point shooting really let the Rockets down , as they went 11 - of - 40 from long distance , while Houston went 10 - of - 25 . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 12 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 29 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Rudy Gobert went just 4 - of - 5 from the field , but finished second on the team with 12 points and 13 rebounds . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 12 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Carmelo Anthony led Utah in scoring , as he accrued 22 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Rudy Gobert was a presence down low , accumulating 12 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks . Carmelo Anthony led the Rockets in scoring , as he dropped 22 points of his own . Rudy Gobert had a nice all - around game , collecting 12 points , 13 rebounds , four steals and three blocks in the win . James Harden led the team with 29 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Clint Capela recorded a 10 - point , 12 - rebound double - double .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Houston Rockets 133 - 113 at Toyota Center on Friday . In a battle between two struggling teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were 13 ties and 30 lead changes in total , as this game was close throughout . Rebounding was the difference in the game , with the Clippers winning that battle , 44 - 42 . The Clippers were lights - out from long distance too , going 12 - of - 23 from three - point range in their win . The Rockets ( 1 - 4 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Danilo Gallinari was the star of the show , as he led the team with 24 points and two rebounds on 8 - of - 18 shooting . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 15 rebounds . Danilo Gallinari was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , five rebounds and three steals . Clint Capela recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 14 points and 15 rebounds . Carmelo Anthony led Houston in scoring , as he accumulated 24 points and two rebounds . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he accumulated 12 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Clint Capela recorded a 14 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday . The Clippers ( 3 - 2 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . Carmelo Anthony led the team with 24 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he accumulated 12 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Clint Capela recorded a 14 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Houston Rockets , 104 - 85 , at Toyota Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for the eight - seed in the west , the Blazers were able to prevail with a huge road win . The second quarter is where they separated themselves , as they outscored Houston , 32 - 26 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Portland recording 17 assists to 17 turnovers , while Houston committed 11 turnovers to 18 assists . The Trail Blazers also dominated the shooting , hitting 48 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Rockets shot just 32 percent from the field and 23 percent from long distance . Portland somehow lost , despite being outrebounded , 49 - 51 . Chris Paul was the player of the game , as he led Portland with 17 points , nine assists and two steals . C.J . McCollum finished with 19 points , four rebounds and two assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 14 points , 14 rebounds and three blocks . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday . The Rockets ( 1 - 5 ) have now won five - straight games , as they continue to rise in the standings . Jusuf Nurkic was the player of the game , as he collected 22 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Damian Lillard was n't far behind , accumulating 22 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Clint Capela recorded a 14 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Indiana Pacers , 115 - 103 , at Toyota Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 11 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Rockets recorded 18 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Pacers committed 13 turnovers to 24 assists . Indiana ( 5 - 6 ) continually flies under the radar and road wins like this only add to their already impressive resume ' . Victor Oladipo once again led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points and seven assists on 7 - of - 24 shooting . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , as he accrued 20 points , six rebounds , six assists and three steals . Darren Collison was the only other Pacer in double figures , as he accrued 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . Houston 's next game will be on Friday , when they take on the Miami Heat . Houston ( 5 - 7 ) have been playing better than their record would indicate , so a win here was just what the doctor ordered . James Harden was the player of the game , as he accumulated 40 points , seven rebounds , nine assists and three steals on 9 - of - 20 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he accumulated 26 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals in the victory . Clint Capela finished second on the team with 18 points and seven rebounds . The Pacers will host the Miami Heat on Friday for their next game .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Golden State Warriors , 107 - 86 , at Toyota Center on Thursday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Rockets going 16 - of - 47 from long range , while the Warriors hit just 4 - of - 18 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Rockets recording five more assists than the Warriors , while committing nine less turnovers . The Rockets ( 7 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kevin Durant led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , five rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Kevon Looney started at center and finished with 17 points , five rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 10 rebounds . Chris Paul was the player of the game , accruing 27 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals on 8 - of - 23 shooting . Chris Paul scored just 10 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting , but provided five rebounds , seven assists , three steals and two blocks on 4 - of - 10 from the field . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 10 rebounds .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 132 - 112 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 11 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 14 points . Houston took care of business down low , as they dominated the rebounding and points in the paint differentials . In fact , Houston lost the rebounding battle , 42 - 39 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 34 . The Kings ended up shooting 57 percent from the field , while holding the Kings to 45 percent from the field . Free-throw shooting was decisive as well , with the Rockets going just 9 - of - 12 , while the Rockets went 20 - of - 12 . The Kings ( 8 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Sacramento just adds to their impressive resume ' . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points and seven rebounds on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he tallied 24 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 23 points , 16 rebounds and four blocks . Sacramento will look to play better on Monday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder . Houston ( 8 - 7 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points and seven rebounds on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Clint Capela recorded another double - double , totaling 23 points and 16 rebounds on 11 - of - 14 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 24 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 23 points , 16 rebounds and four blocks . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 126 - 124 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the best offenses in the NBA , the 251 combined points scored in this game did n't let fans down . Where the Rockets won the game was on the inside , as they outscored the Pistons , 66 - 42 , in the paint . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Rockets recording 18 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Pistons committed 16 turnovers to just 20 assists . Blake Griffin led the Pistons in scoring , as he dropped 37 points and 11 rebounds on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he tallied 20 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 27 points and 15 rebounds . Reggie Bullock , Stanley Smith and James Ennis all scored in double figures off the bench . Houston 's next game will be on Friday , when they take on the Houston Rockets at home . The Rockets ( 9 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . James Harden continued his MVP form , collecting 43 points , seven rebounds , nine assists and four steals . Clint Capela finished second on the team with 27 points and 15 rebounds . Langston Galloway was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 13 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting . Detroit will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Detroit Pistons .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Houston Rockets , 128 - 108 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Mavericks left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Dallas pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Houston to 46 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Houston , despite committing five less turnovers . The Rockets ( 9 - 11 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Houston just adds to their impressive resume ' . Devin Harris led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , one rebound and four assists on 6 - of - 8 shooting . J.J. Barea was a great spark off the bench , as he accrued 20 points , three rebounds and four assists . Danuel James Harden led the way for Dallas , as he accumulated 25 points , 11 rebounds and 17 assists . Devin Harris was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , three rebounds and 12 assists . Devin Harris led the way for Houston , as he dropped 20 points on 6 - of - 6 from three - point range . James Ennis III got a rare start and totaled 18 points , three rebounds and two steals . J.J. Barea came off the bench to provide 13 points , three rebounds and four assists . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the San Antonio Lakers on Friday . The Rockets ( 9 - 11 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to rise in the standings . James Harden recorded yet another triple - double , accumulating 25 points , 11 rebounds and 1 assists . John House was the only other player in double figures , as he amassed 18 points and five rebounds on 6 - of - 13 shooting . DeAndre Jordan was a beast down low , totaling 13 points and seven rebounds on 4 - of - 5 from the field . The Rockets will look to get out of this slide on Friday against the San Antonio Spurs .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 121 - 105 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Rockets left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Houston pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 39 minutes . Defense was key for the Rockets , as they held the Bulls to 44 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Houston winning that battle , 47 - 41 . Zach LaVine led Chicago in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , four rebounds , three assists and two blocks on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Jabari Parker finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , 12 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Chris Paul recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , three rebounds , 13 assists , two steals and a block . Justin Holiday led the bench in scoring , dropping 11 points , three rebounds and an assist . The Bulls will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers . The Rockets ( 11 - 11 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . James Harden continued his MVP form , collecting 30 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Jabari Parker was second on the team , scoring 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Chris Paul recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 3 rebounds and 13 assists . On deck for the Rockets is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 111 - 104 , at Toyota Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams trying to achieve a playoff berth , they left it all on the line in this close - fought battle . While there were only six ties and five lead changes in total , neither team led by more than 13 points . Fastbreak points was the most decisive statistic , with the Rockets winning that quarter , 30 - 26 . Rebounding was a huge factor for the Rockets , as they won that battle , 42 - 44 . Houston also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 67 - 39 . This was a wire - to - wire win for the Rockets , as they led by double - digits for the final three quarters . Damian Lillard was the player of the game , as he tallied 34 points , two rebounds and two assists . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , totaling 23 points , three rebounds and four assists . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , accumulating 15 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Eric Gordon led the bench in scoring , providing 14 points and four assists . On deck for Portland is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday . The Rockets ( 12 - 14 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to rise in the standings . James Harden recorded his 16th triple - double of the season , accumulating 11 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , totaling 23 points , three rebounds and four assists of his own . Jusuf Nurkic was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 15 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Rockets is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 126 - 111 , at Toyota Center on Thursday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 10 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Houston recording 24 assists to 13 turnovers , while Los Angeles committed 12 turnovers to just 23 assists . The Rockets shot 49 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range on their end . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Rockets recording 24 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Lakers committed 12 turnovers to 23 assists . Los Angeles ( 17 - 11 ) had to play this game without Michael Carter-Williams and that was simply too much to overcome against a hot Rockets team . LeBron James led the way with 29 points , five rebounds and four assists . Kyle Kuzma was second on the team , as he scored 24 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Chris Paul accumulated just 14 points , one rebound , nine assists and three steals on 3 - of - 10 shooting . Lance Stephenson was the lone bright spot for Los Angeles , as he led the team with 17 points off the bench . JaVale McGee led the team in scoring , dropping 17 points on 7 - of - 13 from the field . Los Angeles will play again on Saturday , as they host the Charlotte Hornets for their next game . The Lakers ( 17 - 11 ) have been playing better recently , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt . LeBron James was the player of the game , as he tallied 29 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals on 12 - of - 18 from the field . Kyle Kuzma was second on the team , as he accrued 24 points , three rebounds , five assists and two steals . Lance Stephenson was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 17 points and three rebounds off the bench . Houston will be in action again on Saturday , as they play the Charlotte Hornets on the road .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Utah Jazz , 102 - 97 , at Toyota Center on Monday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Rockets left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Houston pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 30 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Utah to 39 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 23 turnovers . The Rockets ended up shooting 37 percent from the field , 84 percent from the free - throw line and 29 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Rockets outscoring the Jazz , 25 - 14 , in that quarter . Houston ( 15 - 14 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . James Harden was the player of the game , as he tallied 47 points , six rebounds , five assists and five steals on 14 - of - 31 from the field . Rudy Gobert was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Ricky Crowder was the only other Jazz player in double figures , as he accumulated 14 points , 10 rebounds and four steals . The Rockets will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Golden State Warriors . The Rockets ( 15 - 14 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . James Harden continued his MVP form , collecting 47 points , six rebounds , five assists and five steals . Rudy Gobert was just as good , accumulating 18 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and three blocks . P.J . Tucker led the bench in scoring , providing 16 points and two rebounds . The Rockets will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Washington Wizards .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Washington Wizards 136 - 118 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . This game was tight throughout , as there were 11 ties and 11 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 15 points . Free-throw shooting was key for Houston , as they went 16 - of - 21 from the charity stripe , while the Wizards went 18 - of - 23 . The Rockets also dominated the fastbreak points differential , winning that battle , 15 - 2 . The Wizards ( 12 - 20 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Bradley Beal was the star , as he led the team with 28 points , three rebounds , seven assists and two steals . John Wall was n't far behind , as he accumulated 18 points , four rebounds and 12 assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , amassing 20 points , 12 rebounds and two steals . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup with the Phoenix Suns on Saturday . The Rockets ( 16 - 14 ) have now lost four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Eric Gordon was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 16 points , two rebounds and three assists . Trevor Ariza accumulated 15 points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals in the defeat . Trevor Ariza amassed 15 points , six rebounds and three assists . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 108 - 101 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 10 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Houston recording eight more assists than the Spurs , while committing six less turnovers . The Rockets ( 17 - 15 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his trend , as he led the team with 28 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 21 points and 23 rebounds . Eric Gordon was a huge spark off the bench , providing 18 points , two rebounds and six assists . Bryn Forbes led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 9 - of - 10 shooting . The Rockets return to action on Wednesday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Spurs ( 18 - 16 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . James Harden was once again the catalyst , as he tallied 39 points , four rebounds , 10 assists and two steals on 12 - of - 34 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge was second on the team , accumulating 18 points , six rebounds and two blocks on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Rudy Gay went just 4 - of - 9 from the field , but finished with 13 points and eight rebounds . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 113 - 109 , at Toyota Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two of the best offenses in the NBA , the 251 combined points scored in this game did n't let fans down . Where the Rockets won the game was on the inside , as they outscored the Thunder , 66 - 73 , in the paint . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Rockets recording 18 assists to 19 turnovers , while the Thunder committed 15 turnovers to just 23 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with the Rockets hitting 14 - of - 44 , while the Thunder went just 9 - of - 30 from long range . Paul George led the way for Oklahoma City , as he tallied 28 points , six rebounds , two assists and three steals . Russell Westbrook went just 6 - of - 20 from the field , but still finished with 21 points , nine rebounds , nine assists , four steals and three blocks . Eric Gordon was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . The Rockets ( 18 - 15 ) have struggled on the road all season and a date with the Rockets is the last thing they wanted to see . James Harden was once again the catalyst , accumulating 41 points , six rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 17 points and seven rebounds . Jerami Grant was a nice spark off the bench , amassing 15 points and nine rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Friday . The Rockets ( 18 - 15 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , six rebounds , seven assists and three steals on 10 - of - 25 from the field . Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 16 points , 23 rebounds , three assists and two steals . Eric Gordon was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Boston Celtics .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Boston Celtics , 127 - 113 , in overtime at Toyota Center on Thursday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . It was a wire - to - wire win for Houston , as they held a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . Boston shot very well , as they went 48 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Rockets recording 17 more assists than the Celtics , while committing five less turnovers . The Rockets ( 19 - 15 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Celtics is just what they need to get going . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Marcus Morris was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Al Horford accumulated 15 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday . The Celtics ( 20 - 14 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . James Harden led the way for Houston , as he collected 45 points , two rebounds and six assists . Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 24 points and 19 rebounds . Eric Gordon was a huge spark off the bench , providing 20 points , four rebounds and four assists . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 113 - 101 , at Toyota Center on Monday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , there was n't much to differentiate the two in the box score . Both teams went exactly 42 - of - 70 from the field , while the Grizzlies went just 46 percent from the field . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Rockets recording 41 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed 10 turnovers to 24 assists . James Harden was the star , as he accumulated 43 points , 10 rebounds and 13 assists in the win . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , six rebounds and five assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 19 points and 13 rebounds . James Harden added another triple - double to his tally , collecting 43 points , 10 rebounds and 13 assists . Gerald Green was second on the team in scoring , dropping 18 points off the bench . Marc Gasol recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 12 rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Grizzlies is a road matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday . The Grizzlies ( 18 - 18 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to rise in the standings . Kyle Anderson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 20 points , three rebounds , five assists and three steals . Mike Conley was n't far behind , collecting 19 points , six rebounds and five assists . Marc Gasol recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and two steals . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Golden State Pistons on Thursday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 125 - 113 , at Toyota Center on Monday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 60 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference for Houston , as they went 22 - of - 47 from long range , while the Nuggets went just 7 - of - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Rockets recording five more assists than the Nuggets , while committing six less turnovers . The Rockets ( 23 - 16 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Denver just adds to their impressive resume ' . Nikola Jokic led the team in scoring , dropping 24 points and 13 rebounds on 11 - of - 20 from the field . Clint Capela was second on the team , dropping 31 points on 13 - of - 18 shooting . Clint Capela recorded a season - high 31 points , providing nine rebounds and two assists on 13 - of - 18 shooting . On deck for the Rockets is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Tuesday . The Nuggets ( 26 - 16 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to rise in the standings . Nikola Jokic led the way for Denver , as he totaled 24 points , 13 rebounds and four assists . Monte on deck for Denver is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Houston Rockets , 116 - 109 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot in the east , Milwaukee were able to prevail with a much needed victory . They took care of business late , as the Bucks outscored the Rockets , 38 - 26 , in the fourth quarter . Rebounding was key for Milwaukee , as they won that battle , 49 - 46 . Free-throw shooting really killed Houston , as they went just 27 - of - 32 from the charity stripe . The Bucks ( 29 - 11 ) have been one of the hottest teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Houston just adds to their impressive resume ' . Giannis Antetokounmpo once again carried the load , as he tallied 27 points , 21 rebounds and five assists , despite committing just one turnover . Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 24 points , five rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela recorded a 18 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . Malcolm Brogdon led the bench with 24 points , five rebounds and three assists . Houston will look to build off this win on Friday in a road matchup versus the Washington Wizards . Houston ( 23 - 11 ) had to play this game without John Wall and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . James Harden was the player of the game , tallying 42 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and two steals . Clint Capela was second on the team , scoring 18 points on 4 - of - 16 shooting . Eric Bledsoe accumulated 10 points , four rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Bucks is a home matchup against the Washington Wizards on Friday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Houston Rockets , 113 - 114 , at Toyota Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 9 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 14 points . Houston took care of business down low , as they dominated the rebounding and points in the paint differentials . In fact , Cleveland won the rebounding battle , 42 - 45 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 29 . The Cavaliers ended up shooting 45 percent from the field , while holding the Rockets to 52 percent from the field . The Rockets ( 24 - 17 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently . but this was a tough task against a hungry Rockets team . James Harden carried the load , as he collected 43 points , 10 rebounds , 12 assists and two blocks . Clint Capela was second on the team , scoring 19 points on 7 - of - 8 shooting . Houston will look to play better on Sunday , when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game . Cleveland ( 8 - 35 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . James Harden notched his 16th triple - double of the season , accumulating 43 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists . Clint Capela was second on the team , totaling 19 points , four rebounds and two blocks on 7 - of - 8 shooting . Austin Rivers started at point guard and totaled 12 points , two rebounds and three assists . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Sunday .
The Rockets ( 34 - 34 ) knocked off the Grizzlies ( 19 - 24 ) 94 - 94 Monday night in Houston . James Conley led the way for Rockets all - star player with 14 points ( 5 - 33 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) , nine rebounds , seven assists , one steal and one three - pointer in 34 minutes . John Wall nearly matched a triple - double , scoring 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) , to go with four rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block in 30 minutes . John Wall nearly recorded a triple - double , compiling 15 points , an assist , one assist , one steal , one steal and three turnovers in 33 minutes . John Wall led the Rockets with a team - high 15 points and an assist in 35 minutes , and Garrett Temple came off the bench to score 14 points in 34 minutes . As a team , James Jackson scored just 12 points ( 5 - 11 FG ) and Omri Casspi scored 12 points in 24 minutes off the bench . The Rockets shot 7 - of - 22 from behind the three - point line , shot 20 - 26 from the free - throw line . Mike Conley led the way with 14 points ( 5 - 10 FG ) and seven assists , and Garrett Temple added 14 points on 5 - of - 7 shooting . Up next , the Grizzlies head to Milwaukee to take on the Nets on Wednesday . Rockets play host to the Rockets , also on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Houston Rockets , 145 - 142 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 23 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 14 points . James Harden was the hero , as he hit a game - winning lay - up with 0 seconds left to win the game . Turnovers really killed Houston , as they committed 33 of them , while forcing just 13 from James Harden . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Brooklyn recording six more assists than Houston , while committing eight less turnovers . The Rockets ( 23 - 23 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Spencer Dinwiddie was the player of the game , as he tallied 33 points and two rebounds on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Eric Gordon finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , three rebounds and two assists . P.J . Tucker was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points , five rebounds and two blocks . The Nets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday in their next game . Houston ( 25 - 23 ) had to play this game without Kenneth Faried ( knee ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Spencer Dinwiddie was the player of the game , as he totaled 33 points and two rebounds on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Eric Gordon finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , three rebounds and two assists . P.J . Tucker was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points and five rebounds . On deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Saturday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 138 - 134 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 10 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 16 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Houston recording 23 assists to 15 turnovers , while Los Angeles committed 15 turnovers to just 27 assists . The Rockets ( 26 - 22 ) continue to struggle , as they 've now lost 18 of their last 32 games . Kyle Kuzma led the team in scoring , as he dropped 32 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Eric Gordon was second on the team , as he dropped 30 points , five rebounds and four assists off the bench . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 12 points and 14 rebounds on 6 - of - 8 from the field . Lance Stephenson came off the bench to provide 16 points , two rebounds and four assists in his first game back from a foot injury . The Lakers will play again on Monday , when they host the Golden State Warriors . The Lakers ( 25 - 22 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kyle Kuzma was the player of the game , as he collected 32 points and eight rebounds on 12 - of - 19 from the field . Eric Gordon was second on the team , finishing with 30 points , five rebounds and four assists . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 12 points and 14 rebounds . The Lakers will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Golden State Warriors .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Toronto Raptors , 121 - 119 , at Toyota Center on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Rockets took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Houston winning that quarter , 37 - 41 . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor as well , with Houston hitting 10 - of - 46 and the Raptors hitting 14 - of - 46 . Toronto also took advantage of the whistle , going 29 - of - 33 from the free - throw line . Kawhi Leonard carried the load , as he tallied 32 points , seven rebounds , five assists and two steals . Pascal Siakam recorded a double - double , totaling 22 points and 12 rebounds . Kyle Lowry was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 9 points , four rebounds and 11 assists . Houston will look to play better on Sunday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game . Toronto ( 28 - 20 ) have been one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . James Harden led the team in scoring , totaling 35 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Danny Green was second on the team , scoring 22 points on 8 - for - 14 shooting . Serge Ibaka recorded a 12 - point , 14 - rebound double - double in the defeat . On deck for the Raptors is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Orlando Magic , 103 - 98 , at Toyota Center on Sunday . This was one of the closest games of the season , as there were 16 ties and 35 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than seven at any point . Free-throw shooting was the difference for Houston , as they went 15 - of - 21 from the charity stripe , while the Magic went 10 - of - 17 . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Orlando , while committing three less turnovers . The Rockets ( 29 - 20 ) had to play this game without Brandon Knight ( thigh ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Rockets team . Aaron Gordon was the player of the game , as he tallied 23 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 40 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points on 6 - of - 16 shooting . Orlando will host the Oklahoma City Pelicans on Tuesday for their next game . The Rockets ( 29 - 20 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a feisty Houston team . Aaron Gordon had one of his best games of the season though , accumulating 23 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Eric Gordon was second on the team in scoring , as he dropped 16 points to go along with two assists . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points on 6 - of - 16 shooting . Orlando will host the Oklahoma City Pelicans on Tuesday for their next game .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Houston Rockets , 121 - 116 , at Toyota Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 19 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 15 points . The key for New Orleans was the rebounding , as they won that battle , 55 - 45 . The Pelicans also dominated the shooting , hitting 51 percent of their shots to Houston 's 40 percent . Jahlil Okafor led the Pelicans in scoring , as he dropped 27 points and 12 rebounds on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he accumulated 19 points , six rebounds , eight assists and six blocks . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , totaling 19 points and 11 rebounds . Chris Paul was the player of the game , accruing 37 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and four steals in the win . Tim Frazier got the start at point guard , scoring 10 points and dishing out 10 assists . Tim Frazier was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . New Orleans will play the Denver Nuggets on Friday for their next game . The Rockets ( 29 - 21 ) had won 15 - straight headed into this game , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 37 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and four steals on 11 - of - 32 shooting . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 19 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Tim Frazier was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . The Pelicans will host the Denver Nuggets for their next game on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Houston Rockets , 117 - 112 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Thunder left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Oklahoma City held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Rockets to 43 percent from the field , 73 percent from the free - throw line and 36 percent from three - point range . Oklahoma City also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 12 more assists than Houston , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 36 - 19 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 45 points , two rebounds , three steals and two steals . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 18 points , 10 rebounds , nine assists and two steals . Kenneth Faried came off the bench to provide 17 points and 12 rebounds . Things do n't get any easier for Houston , as they play the Dallas Mavericks on the road for their next game . The Thunder ( 36 - 19 ) continue to battle for a playoff berth , as this marks their third - straight loss . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 45 points , six rebounds and three assists . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he accumulated 18 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists . Kenneth Faried finished second on the team , totaling 17 points and 12 rebounds . The Rockets will look to play better on Monday in a road matchup with the Dallas Mavericks .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 120 - 104 , at Toyota Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Rockets finished the game on a 36 - 19 run over the second and third quarter and never looked back . All the statistics were in the Rockets ' favor , as they won the shooting , assisting , rebounding , steals , blocks and turnover categories . The assist - to - turnover differential was the biggest factor , with the Mavericks recording 21 assists to 9 turnovers , while the Mavericks committed 18 turnovers to just 21 assists . The Mavericks ( 26 - 30 ) had to play this game without Courtney Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Luka star James Harden once again led the team , as he tallied 31 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and five steals in the loss . Gerald Green was second on the team , dropping 19 points off the bench . Chris Paul was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 17 points , two rebounds and 11 assists . Kenneth Faried led the bench , as he dropped 17 points and eight rebounds on 7 - of - 8 shooting . Gerald Green was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 19 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Dallas will host the Miami Heat on Wednesday for their next game . The Mavericks ( 26 - 30 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . James Harden was once again the catalyst , as he tallied 31 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and five steals on 9 - of - 23 shooting . Luka Eric Gordon was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , two rebounds and an assist . The Rockets next game will be on Wednesday , when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 119 - 111 , at Toyota Center on Monday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Rockets took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Houston winning that quarter , 21 - 32 . Shooting was the big difference in the game , with the Rockets shooting just 49 percent , while the Hawks could n't crack 49 percent . Atlanta also dominated the shooting , hitting 43 percent of their shots , while holding Atlanta to 41 percent from the field and 45 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was the biggest factor for Houston though , winning that battle , 42 - 38 . The Hawks ( 20 - 41 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently . but this was a tough task against a hungry Rockets team . James Paul was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds and four assists . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he accumulated 20 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Kenneth Faried came off the bench to provide 13 points and 10 rebounds . Atlanta will look to play better on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves . Houston ( 35 - 25 ) have rode James Harden all season long and he put in another spectacular performance here . Harden finished the game with 28 points , five rebounds and four assists on 7 - of - 21 shooting . John Collins was second on the team , as he finished with 20 points , 12 rebounds and two steals off the bench . Eric Gordon led the bench in scoring , providing 16 points , two rebounds and three assists . Atlanta will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Charlotte Hornets .
The Houston Rockets ( 37 - 25 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 27 - 34 ) 121 - 118 in overtime on Thursday . Houston came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Houston was their shooting , as they shot 49 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Rockets recorded 22 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Heat committed 14 turnovers to 28 assists . Miami had to play this game without Nikola Vucevic and it clearly hampered them here . Chris Paul was fantastic , as he scored a career - high 58 points , while also dishing out 10 assists . Chris Paul had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 14 points , four rebounds and four assists in the loss . This is a dangerous team in the East going forward and they look like a threat to make the playoffs and possibly win a game in the postseason for the first time in 18 years . They 'll look to keep up this form against the Boston Celtics on Saturday . The Heat have been a bit of a disappointment this season and losses like this only add to the skepticism . Goran Dragic had to his best game of the season here , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and five assists in the win . Kelly Olynyk also had a nice game off the bench , as he collected 21 points , five rebounds and two assists in the victory . Houston will have a few days off until they play the Boston Celtics on Sunday in their next game .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 107 - 91 , at Toyota Center on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Rockets took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the glaring difference , with Houston winning that quarter , 22 - 23 . Defense was key for Houston , as they held Philadelphia to 37 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 18 turnovers . The Rockets ended up shooting 49 percent from the field , while outassisting the 76ers , 22 - 18 . They did that damage while committing just 17 turnovers , with Philadelphia committing 18 on their end . The Rockets ( 40 - 25 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points and nine rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , as he tallied 19 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points and nine rebounds . Gerald Green and Gerald Green were huge off the bench , as Simmons scored 15 a piece . Gerald Green was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Philadelphia ( 41 - 25 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . Tobias Harris led Philadelphia once again , as he tallied 22 points and nine rebounds . Clint Capela was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 18 points and nine rebounds . Eric Gordon led the bench in scoring , providing 17 points and three assists . The Rockets will return to action on Sunday in a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers .
The Houston Rockets ( 42 - 25 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 30 - 37 ) 118 - 106 on Monday at the Toyota Center in Houston . The Rockets were the superior shooters in this game , going 42 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Hornets went 43 percent from the floor and just 39 percent from beyond the arc . The Rockets also forced the Hornets into 12 turnovers , while committing just 14 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Rockets were led by Kemba Walker , who went 14 - for - 20 from the field and 6 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 40 points , while also adding 10 rebounds and seven assists . It was his second 40 - point outing in his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 25 points , 12 rebounds and 8 assists per game . Capela , on the other hand , went 8 - for - 12 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the free throw line to score 19 points , while also grabbing 15 rebounds . It was a season - high in points for Kaminsky , who had n't reached the 22 - point mark yet this season . Clint Capela was able to notch a double - double of his own , finishing with 19 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 15 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 40 points and 27 rebounds over his last two games . The Hornets ' next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Friday , while the Hornets will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 46 - 21 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 42 - 26 ) 106 - 104 on Wednesday at the Toyota Center in Houston . The Warriors got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Rockets 33 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Warriors shot the ball well , going 49 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Rockets finished at 47 percent from the floor and just 27 percent from deep . The Warriors ' superstar duo of James Harden and Chris Harden did everything they could to keep the Rockets in this game . Thompson went 10 - for - 23 from the field and 2 - for - 12 from the three - point line to finish with a game - high of 29 points , while adding six rebounds and two assists as well . He 's combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big reason for the Warriors recent success . Curry on the other hand went 8 - for - 20 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding four rebounds and five assists . Thompson was able to go a perfect 1 - of - 10 from deep on his way to a game - high of 6 - of - 23 from the free throw line . It was his second strong performance in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 41 rebounds over his last two games . Clint Capela notched a double - double with 13 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) and 13 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 26 rebounds over his last two games . The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday , while the Rockets will be at home against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 108 - 102 , on Friday at Toyota Center . Simply put , this game ended up being a breeze for the Rockets ( 43 - 26 ) , who won their second straight game to improve to 16 - 3 on the season . Devin Booker led the way for Houston , scoring a game - high 29 points on top of seven assists and five rebounds in 37 minutes . John Wall was n't too far behind , accumulating 18 points , three rebounds and a steal in 35 minutes of his own . In the end , six different Houston players managed to score in double figures in what was a fairly effortless victory . On the other hand , after a hot start to the new year , the Suns ( 16 - 54 ) are slowing down once again , as they have now won six of their last seven games , while they have now won five of their last six games . Devin Booker led the way for the Suns , scoring a game - high 29 points , but shot just 9 - of - 22 from the field . Eric Gordon added 19 points of his own , while Clint Capela recorded a double - double of 12 points and grabbing 12 boards of his own in the winning effort . Up next , the Rockets will head to Minnesota on Saturday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Suns will look to turn things around Saturday at home against the New Orleans Pelicans , who will also play on Sunday .
The Houston Rockets ( 44 - 26 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 32 - 38 ) 117 - 102 on Sunday . This game meant much more to the Rockets than Timberwolves and it was evident by the result . The second quarter is when Houston made their mark , as they outscored Minnesota , 43 - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Rockets recorded 29 assists to nine turnovers , while the Timberwolves committed 14 turnovers to 22 assists . Minnesota had very little to play for this game and it was clear they did n't have the legs for the second half of a back - to - back here . James Harden flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 25 points , 10 assists and seven rebounds . Josh Okogie was second on the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points , three rebounds and three assists . Minnesota has a quick turnaround , as they play the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday in their next game . Houston has been struggling at home all season , but easily got their biggest win of the year here . It was a great team effort , as all five starters scored at least 12 points . Karl-Anthony Towns led the team with 22 points and 10 rebounds , while going 8 - for - 22 from the field . Josh Okogie was a great spark off the bench , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and three assists . Taj Gibson also had a nice game , as he double - doubled in a 20 - point , 10 - rebound performance . On deck for the Rockets is a matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 82 - 105 , at Toyota Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams battling for the eight - seed in the west , the Rockets were able to prevail with a much needed win . The biggest discrepancy in the game was the rebounding differential , with the Rockets winning that battle , 48 - 48 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Rockets recording five more assists than the Spurs , while committing five less turnovers . The Rockets ( 46 - 27 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to struggle . Bryn Forbes led the team , as he tallied 20 points , five rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 10 shooting . DeMar DeRozan finished with 16 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . LaMarcus Aldridge accumulated 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and five blocks . Derrick White was huge off the bench , providing 18 points , eight rebounds and two steals . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup against the New Orleans Rockets on Sunday . The Spurs ( 42 - 31 ) have now lost four of their last six games , as they continue to struggle on defense . Bryn Forbes led the way for San Antonio the time , as he tallied 20 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Chris Paul was n't far behind , as he accumulated 18 points , three rebounds and five assists . Derrick White also scored 18 points , adding eight rebounds to his tally on 5 - of - 12 shooting . Eric Gordon and Clint Capela were huge off the bench , as they combined for 32 points , 12 rebounds and nine assists .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 112 - 85 , at Toyota Center on Thursday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Rockets took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Houston winning that quarter , 40 - 19 . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor as well , with Houston hitting 15 - of - 40 from the charity stripe , while Denver went 19 - of - 20 . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Denver , despite committing six less turnovers . The Rockets ( 48 - 24 ) had to play this game without John Wall and John Wall , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Jamal Murray was the leading scorer , as he tallied 20 points , four rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points , 15 rebounds and three steals . Chris Paul was the player of the game , accumulating 38 points , six rebounds and six assists on 10 - of - 22 shooting . Clint Capela recorded another double - double , totaling 17 points and 15 rebounds . Chris Paul did all he could for Denver , accruing nine points , four rebounds and eight assists , despite committing four turnovers . Clint Capela recorded a 17 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . On deck for Denver is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday . The Rockets ( 48 - 28 ) have now lost four of their last five games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . James Harden led Denver in scoring , as he collected 38 points , six rebounds , six assists and three steals . Nikola Jokic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Clint Capela recorded a 17 - point , 15 - rebound double - double .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 94 - 108 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . The Rockets were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Rockets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 50 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Sacramento to 45 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Sacramento , despite committing two less turnovers . The Kings ( 37 - 39 ) had a tough task here without John Wall and John Wall , as they simply did n't have enough in the tank to beat a hungry Rockets team . Chris Paul did all he could for Sacramento , as he led the team with 22 points , two rebounds , five assists and four steals . Marvin Bagley amassed 20 points and 12 rebounds . Eric Gordon led the bench in scoring , providing 17 points and two steals . On deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday . The Rockets ( 49 - 28 ) have now triple - doubles at home this season , as they continue to rise in the standings . Chris Paul was the player of the game , accumulating 22 points , two rebounds and five assists . Buddy Hield was second on the team , as he scored 21 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting . Eric Gordon and Harrison Barnes came off the bench to score 17 points a piece . Sacramento will look to bounce back on Tuesday in a road matchup with the San Antonio Spurs .
The Houston Rockets defeated the New York Knicks , 120 - 96 , at Toyota Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 6 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 10 points . Houston took care of business down low , as they dominated the rebounding and points in the paint differentials . In fact , Houston won the rebounding battle , 48 - 53 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 29 . The Knicks ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while holding the Knicks to 45 percent . Houston dominated in the paint , as they outrebounded the Knicks , 48 - 53 and scored 64 points in the paint in total . The Knicks ( 15 - 64 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . James Harden was once again the star , as he tallied 26 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Henry Ellenson was second on the team , providing 16 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Chris Paul recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 10 assists . Houston 's next game will be on Sunday , when they take on the Washington Wizards . Houston ( 52 - 28 ) are one of the best home teams in the league and comeback wins like this show just why . James Harden did all he could for New York , as he led the team with 26 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 15 rebounds . Chris Paul was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points , three assists and three steals . The Rockets will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Washington Wizards .
The Houston Rockets ( 53 - 28 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 62 ) 149 - 113 on Sunday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Phoenix , as they shot 46 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Rockets won the game , as they outscored the Suns 43 - 23 in that 19 - minute stretch . Houston shot 53 percent from the field , while Phoenix shot 46 percent on their end . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as the Rockets recorded 52 assists to Phoenix 's 42 . The Suns also shot 53 percent from the field , while holding the Suns to 46 percent on their end . The Suns have been playing better recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Rockets team . James Harden was once again the star , as he tallied 30 points , nine assists and two steals in the loss . C.J . Crawford was the only other notable stat line , as he amassed 12 points , four rebounds and two assists . Phoenix will look to bounce back on Tuesday against the Dallas Mavericks in their next game . Houston has been struggling at home all season , but easily got their biggest win of the year here . In fact , they led for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for 13 points in the fourth quarter . The Suns will play the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday in their next game .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves , 112 - 108 , at AT & T Center on Wednesday . Despite Minnesota leading for the first 48 minutes , this was a wire - to - wire win for San Antonio . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Spurs outscoring the Timberwolves , 25 - 29 . Defense was key for the Spurs , as they held the Timberwolves to 43 percent from the field , 89 percent from the free - throw line and 44 percent from three - point range . San Antonio also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Minnesota , while committing three less turnovers . The Spurs ( 1 - 0 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Minnesota just adds to their impressive resume ' . DeMar DeRozan once again carried the load , as he led the team with 28 points , four rebounds and four assists . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , accumulating 20 points , six rebounds and three assists of his own . LaMarcus Aldridge had a nice game too , collecting 21 points , 19 rebounds and three blocks . Andrew Wiggins was the only other starter in double figures , collecting 20 points , six rebounds and three assists . Minnesota will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers . The Timberwolves ( 0 - 1 ) continue to be one of the disappointments of the league , as they melted down in their own building . DeMar DeRozan led the team in scoring , dropping 28 points , four rebounds and four assists . Andrew Wiggins was second on the team , with his 20 points , six rebounds and three assists . No other starter scored in double figures , as Derrick Rose provided eight points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 116 - 96 , at AT & T Center on Wednesday . Despite the Spurs leading for nearly the entirety of this game , this fixture was closer than it looks . It was a wire - to - wire win for Indiana , as they held a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . The Pacers shot 53 percent from the field and 53 percent from three - point range , while holding the Spurs to just 40 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range on their end . The assist - to - turnover differential was huge as well , with the Pacers recording 34 assists to 10 turnovers , while the Spurs committed 13 turnovers to 16 assists . The Spurs ( 2 - 2 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Pacers team . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he collected 15 points , 20 rebounds and two steals . Tyreke Evans was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points and five assists off the bench . Domantas Young recorded a double - double , accumulating 14 points , 10 rebounds and four steals . On deck for the Spurs is a road matchup with the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday . The Pacers ( 3 - 2 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . DeMar DeRozan led the team with 18 points , three rebounds and four assists . Tyreke Evans was second on the team , providing 19 points and five assists off the bench . Rudy Gay and Domantas Young each scored 11 points a piece . The Pacers will look to keep rolling on Saturday , when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers for their next game .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 110 - 106 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as they led by at least 19 points for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Spurs hitting 48 percent of their shots and the Lakers shooting just three - of - 16 from three - point range . The Spurs shot 48 percent from the field , while the Lakers shot 48 percent on their end . The Spurs ( 3 - 2 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his tear , as he led the team with 30 points and 12 rebounds . Rudy Gay was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and two blocks . LaMarcus Aldridge accrued 15 points , five rebounds and three assists . Lance Stephenson came off the bench to provide 14 points , nine rebounds and two assists in his return to Indy . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Dallas Mavericks . The Lakers ( 2 - 4 ) have gotten off to a historically bad start offensively this season , but they were able to pull out a win here . DeMar DeRozan did all he could , as he led the team with 30 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists on 14 - of - 23 from the field . Kyle Kuzma was the only other Laker in double figures , as he scored 15 points to go along with one assist . Kyle Kuzma was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Lakers is a road matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 113 - 108 , at AT & T Center on Monday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as Dallas led by at least 31 points for the entirety of the second half . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Spurs hitting 46 percent of their shots and the Mavericks hitting 47 percent of their shots . San Antonio also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Dallas , while committing three less turnovers . The Spurs ( 4 - 2 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his tear , as he led the team with 34 points , six rebounds and three assists . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , collecting 20 points , six rebounds and four assists . Harrison Barnes accrued 18 points , six rebounds and two steals . Bryn Barnes amassed 18 points and six rebounds . Marco Belinelli and Bryn Forbes each scored 13 points a piece off the bench . On deck for the Spurs is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday . The Mavericks ( 2 - 5 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . DeMar DeRozan carried the load for Dallas , as he tallied 34 points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals . Rudy Gay was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 15 points , 11 rebounds and four assists . Dallas will host the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday for their next game .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 109 - 95 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 29 minutes . Defense was key for the Spurs , as they held the Pelicans to 47 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Spurs also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than New Orleans , while committing six less turnovers . The Spurs ( 6 - 2 ) are coming off their worst loss of the season , so a comeback win is all they could ask for to get right back on track . Jrue Holiday was New Orleans ' best player , as he led the team with 29 points , four rebounds and eight assists . LaMarcus Aldridge recorded a double - double , totaling 22 points and 12 rebounds . Anthony Davis was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 17 points , eight rebounds , three assists , five steals and five blocks . On deck for the Spurs is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Monday . The Pelicans ( 4 - 5 ) have struggled all season and a meltdown like this to the best team in the league only adds to the troubles . LaMarcus Aldridge did all he could though , as he totaled 22 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat . Anthony Davis was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 17 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and five blocks . Dante Cunningham was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , seven rebounds and two assists . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Orlando Magic .
The Orlando Magic defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 117 - 110 , at AT & T Center on Sunday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the result . In fact , there were 15 ties and 12 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 13 points . Three-point shooting was the only real advantage for Orlando , as they shot 38 percent from long distance , to San Antonio 's 12 percent . San Antonio also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than the Spurs , while committing six less turnovers . The Spurs ( 3 - 6 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his barrage , as he led the team with 25 points , seven rebounds and five assists . D.J . Augustin finished second on the team , providing 18 points and seven assists off the bench . Evan Fournier finished with 16 points and seven assists . Pau Gasol was the only other Spur in double figures , as he provided 12 points , eight rebounds and five assists off the bench . The Spurs will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Cleveland Cavaliers . The Spurs ( 6 - 3 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for San Antonio , as they shot just 43 percent from the field and 34 percent from three - point range . Aaron Gordon led the Magic in scoring , as he dropped 26 points and eight rebounds on 11 - of - 20 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge was second on the team , as he accrued 14 points , six rebounds and three assists . Patty Mills was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points , three rebounds and three assists . The Magic will host the Miami Heat on Wednesday for their next game .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Houston Rockets 96 - 89 at AT & T Center on Saturday . The Spurs ( 7 - 4 ) took advantage of a major scoring drought at the hand of the Rockets ( 4 - 7 ) from the 9:0 mark to the 3:0 point of the first quarter , where Houston knocked down a 26 - 9 run that included a 21 - 3 run to end the first half . James Harden was the high - point man in the contest , as he finished with 25 points on 7 - of - 27 shooting , to go along with three assists , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks , in 38 minutes . The next highest scorer for the Rockets was Eric Gordon , who finished with 23 points , to go along with four rebounds and two assists , in 29 minutes . Clint Capela followed up with 12 points , 17 rebounds and two blocks , while Eric Gordon chipped in 23 points on 10 - of - 26 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench . The only other player to score in double figures for the Rockets was Bryn Forbes , who finished with 13 points on 9 - of - 11 shooting . The only other player to score in double digits for the Spurs was Bryn Forbes , who finished with 13 points . The Rockets will look to bounce back as they play host to the Pacers on Monday . Meanwhile , the Spurs ( 4 - 4 ) came into this game averaging 108 points per game on the season but were stopped in their tracks by a stubborn , veteran San Antonio the side of the fourth . Next , the Rockets host the Pacers on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Golden State Warriors , 104 - 92 , at AT & T Center on Sunday . The laundry list of superstars who sat out this game is endless , but the Spurs were able to add another win under their belt to come one game closer to the Warriors for that coveted number - one seed in the west . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as they led for over 48 minutes of this game , with Golden State 's only lead coming in the first quarter . The third quarter was the difference in the game , with the Spurs outscoring the Warriors , 23 - 21 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with San Antonio dishing out 24 assists to just 10 turnovers , while Golden State committed 11 turnovers to just 20 assists . Kevin Durant led the Warriors in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , 10 rebounds and six assists . Klay Thompson finished with 25 points and two rebounds . Rudy Gay collected 19 points , five rebounds and two steals . Klay Thompson scored 25 points on 11 - of - 26 shooting . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday . The Spurs ( 8 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he collected 26 points , 10 rebounds and six assists . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 20 points , six rebounds and nine assists . Rudy Gay went just 6 - of - 10 from the field , but finished with 19 points , five rebounds and two steals . Jonas Jerebko came off the bench to provide eight points .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 104 - 103 , at AT & T Center on Wednesday . Despite the Spurs leading for nearly the entirety of this game , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 11 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Grizzlies going 8 - of - 25 and the Spurs hitting just 7 - of - 22 from long distance . Memphis also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording six more assists than the Spurs , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 12 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Spurs is just what they need to get going . DeMar DeRozan led the way for San Antonio , as he tallied 24 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and three steals . JaMychal Green totaled 12 points and three rebounds . Memphis will play the Los Angeles Clippers on the road for their next game on Friday . The Spurs ( 8 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 6 tries . Mike Conley led the way for San Antonio the offense , as he tallied 30 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Marc Gasol finished with 20 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . LaMarcus Aldridge accumulated 19 points , 11 rebounds and four assists . JaMychal Green amassed 12 points and three rebounds . On deck for the Spurs is a road matchup with the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the San Antonio Spurs 136 - 105 at AT & T Center on Friday . The Rockets ( 10 - 11 ) survived a bit of a scare late in Friday 's game , but it was all downhill from there . In fact , the Rockets entered the fourth quarter with a 20 - point lead and never let the Spurs ( 10 - 12 ) get within one point . San Antonio had a chance to tie it up with just under two minutes to go , but LaMarcus Aldridge 's free throws put the Rockets up by one with just under a minute remaining . San Antonio then had a chance to win the game as time expired , sending the game to overtime . From there , the Rockets dominated the final five minutes , outscoring San Antonio by a score of 40 - 27 . Capela 's 27 - point , 12 - rebound double - double led the way for the Rockets , and his effort was n't enough to keep the Rockets in the game . The other San Antonio player 's shooting stroke was not enough , however , as the team shot 50 percent from the field and hit 22 of their 54 attempts from beyond the arc . For San Antonio , it was a rough night for All-Star Rudy Gay , who shot just 4 - of - 8 from the field for nine points to go along with one assist and four steals . The Spurs will host the Bulls on Sunday , while San Antonio will host the Trail Blazers on Saturday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Portland Trail Blazers at AT & T Center on Sunday , 131 - 118 . LaMarcus Aldridge scored a game - high 20 points on 4 - of - 15 shooting to go along with eight rebounds in 35 minutes . C.J . McCollum added 24 points on 11 - of - 22 shooting , while Al-Farouq Aminu scored 20 points , grabbed nine rebounds and dished out an assist in 36 minutes . The bench was lead by Patty Mills with 15 points , six rebounds and six assists , while Patty Mills added 15 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting including 3 - of - 5 from three - point range . The Spurs shot 11 - of - 15 from behind the arc . They were led by 36 points , eight rebounds and six assists from DeMar DeRozan , who converted 12 - of - 28 field goal attempts . CJ McCollum added 24 points , two rebounds and three assists , while Al-Farouq Aminu poured in 20 points on 7 - of - 9 shooting off the bench . San Antonio shot 60 percent as a team and knocked down 11 - of - 15 three - point attempts . The Trail Blazers ( 13 - 10 ) , on the other hand , shot 52 percent and hit 12 - of - 15 three - point attempts in their loss . The Trail Blazers return home on Tuesday , where they head to Dallas to face the Mavericks . The Spurs have three days off before a three - game homestand against the Jazz .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 133 - 120 , at AT & T Center on Friday . San Antonio were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Spurs pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 37 minutes . Defense was key for the Spurs , as they held the Lakers to 46 percent from the field , 81 percent from the free - throw line and 31 percent from three - point range . San Antonio also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 48 - 43 . The Lakers ( 15 - 10 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Lakers is just what the doctor ordered . DeMar DeRozan led the way for Los Angeles , as he tallied 36 points , eight rebounds and nine assists . Kyle Kuzma was second on the team , with his 13 points and four boards . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 12 points and 12 rebounds . The Lakers will be in action again on Saturday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies . The Spurs ( 12 - 14 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . DeMar DeRozan continued his tear , as he led the team with 36 points and eight rebounds . Kyle Kuzma was second on the team , as he accrued 27 points , eight rebounds , two assists and two steals . Lonzo on deck for Los Angeles is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Utah Jazz 110 - 97 Sunday at AT & T Center . The Spurs avoided suffering from their first three - game losing streak in almost a year in pretty dominant fashion , as they opened with a big opening period and adopted a bend - but - do n't - break mentality the rest of the way . San Antonio was led by DeMar DeRozan , who scored a game - high 26 points on 10 - of - 23 shooting from the field , and he added eight assists , six rebounds , two steals and one block . As a team , it was n't a great shooting night for DeMar DeRozan , who shot 10 - of - 23 from the field , 0 - of - 1 from behind the arc , and he added eight assists and six rebounds to go along with a game - high six steals . As a team , the Spurs were on fire from long range , shooting just 5 - of - 14 from long range and 53 percent from the field overall . Up next , the Spurs will remain home Monday to take on the Suns , while the Jazz will look to crack their first game with the Thunder in Oklahoma City on Feb. 11 . San Antonio will travel to Phoenix to play the Suns on Monday , while the Jazz will travel to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder , as the Jazz will host the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday in Nerlens Noel 's fourth game in San Antonio .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Phoenix Suns 111 - 86 Tuesday at AT & T Center . The Spurs avoided suffering from their first three - game losing streak in almost a year in pretty dominant fashion , as they opened with a big opening period and adopted a bend - but - do n't - break mentality the rest of the way . San Antonio was led by backup point guard Bryn Forbes , who scored a game - high 24 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 5 shooting from behind the arc . As a team , it was n't the most impressive shooting night for San Antonio , as they hit just 40 percent of their shots from the field and an incredible 62 percent from behind the arc . For the Suns ( 4 - 24 ) , it was LaMarcus Aldridge who led the way in the losing effort , scoring a game - high 23 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting and five rebounds in just 24 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 18 points of his own while Deandre Ayton posted a double - double of his own of 12 points and 11 rebounds in 30 minutes . Dante Cunningham was the only other Phoenix player to score in double figures , putting up 14 points on 5 - of - 7 shooting and grabbing three rebounds . Up next , the Spurs will head home Thursday to take on the Clippers , while the Suns will travel to Dallas on Thursday to play the Mavericks .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the host Los Angeles Clippers , 125 - 87 , at AT & T Center on Thursday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The San Antonio forward was lights - out , as they shot 58 percent from the field , 79 percent from the free - throw line and 45 percent from three - point range . San Antonio also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Los Angeles , while committing six less turnovers . The Spurs ( 15 - 14 ) have been dominant at home all season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he tallied 27 points , four rebounds and two steals on 12 - of - 14 shooting . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 14 points , four rebounds and seven assists . DeMar DeRozan went just 6 - of - 14 from the field , but still accumulated 14 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Shai players combined to go 9 - of - 10 from the field and 3 - of - 10 from three - point range for his first game of the season . San Antonio will look to keep rolling against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday . The Clippers ( 15 - 14 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . LaMarcus Aldridge continued his good form , as he led the team with 27 points , four rebounds and two steals on 12 - of - 14 shooting . Rudy Gay finished with 21 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals . Avery Bradley amassed 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Shai on deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 98 - 93 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper headed in and the Bulls left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Chicago pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 21 minutes . Defense was key for the Bulls , as they held the Spurs to 44 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Spurs also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than the Spurs , while committing six less turnovers . The Bulls ( 7 - 23 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . LaMarcus Aldridge continued his good form , as he tallied 29 points , 12 rebounds and one block on 10 - of - 16 shooting . DeMar DeRozan finished with 21 points , five rebounds and three assists . Ryan Arcidiacono was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 12 points , four rebounds , six assists and three steals . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Oklahoma City Thunder . The Spurs ( 7 - 15 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kris Dunn led the way , as he tallied 24 points , seven rebounds and three assists . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 21 points , five rebounds and three assists of his own . Rudy Gay went just 4 - of - 8 from the field , but finished with 12 points , six rebounds and four assists . Ryan Arcidiacono was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , four rebounds and six assists . On deck for Chicago is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 123 - 96 , at AT & T Center on Monday . The laundry list of superstars who sat out this game is endless , but the Spurs were able to add another win under their belt to come one game closer to the Spurs for that coveted number - one seed in the east . San Antonio got it done with defense , as they held Philadelphia to 41 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , with San Antonio recording 28 assists to just six turnovers , while Philadelphia committed 10 turnovers to 29 assists . The 76ers ( 20 - 12 ) had to play this game without Jimmy Butler and Jimmy Curry , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . J.J. Redick carried the load for Philadelphia , as he scored a team - high 16 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 20 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Joel Embiid recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds . Wilson Chandler was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 10 points , five rebounds and four assists . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Orlando Magic . The Sixers ( 20 - 12 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Rudy Gay was the player of the game , as he amassed 21 points , six rebounds and three assists . Ben Simmons was second on the team , providing 16 points and six rebounds off the bench . Joel Embiid accumulated 13 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Philadelphia will look to play better on Wednesday in a road matchup with the New York Knicks .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 124 - 98 Friday at AT & T Center . The Spurs avoided suffering from their first three - game losing streak in almost a year in pretty dominant fashion , as they opened with a big opening period and adopted a bend - but - do n't - break mentality the rest of the way . San Antonio was led by starting point guard Bryn Forbes , who scored a game - high 22 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , four rebounds and a block of his own in 29 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns added 13 points of his own to go along with six rebounds , four assists , and a steal . As a team , the Spurs were hot from the field , shooting an incredible 58 percent from the field and 58 percent from behind the arc . As for the Timberwolves ( 14 - 18 ) , they have now won two in a row and seven of their last eight . They were led by Bryn Forbes , who put up a game - high 22 points on top of four rebounds and seven assists . DeMar DeRozan added 12 points of his own , but he shot a poor 5 - of - 10 from the field and 0 - of - 0 from behind the arc . As a team , the Timberwolves shot just 40 percent from the field and an impressive 58 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Spurs will head home Sunday to take on the Rockets , while the Timberwolves will travel to Oklahoma City Saturday to play the Thunder .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Denver Nuggets 111 - 103 Wednesday at AT & T Center . The Spurs avoided suffering from their first three - game losing streak in almost a year in pretty dominant fashion , as they opened with a big opening period and adopted a bend - but - do n't - break mentality the rest of the way . San Antonio was led by DeMar DeRozan , who scored a game - high 30 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting , while hitting a perfect 11 - of - 14 free throws . He added seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block on 9 - of - 17 shooting from the field . LaMarcus Aldridge was n't too far behind , scoring 27 points on 13 - of - 19 shooting in 32 minutes . In the end , it was a night to forget for the Nuggets , as all five starters managed to score in double figures and combine for 82 of the team 's 111 points . Malik Beasley led the way with an efficient 22 points in 30 minutes off the bench for the Nuggets . For the Nuggets ( 21 - 11 ) , the loss ends a brief two - game win streak and makes for the fifth seed in the Western Conference . Steph DeRozan led the way in the losing effort with a team - high 30 points on an efficient 9 - of - 17 shooting from the field in 37 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 27 points of his own while shooting 13 - of - 19 from the field and 1 - of - 1 from behind the arc . The Nuggets ( 21 - 11 ) have now lost three of their last three games as they continue to slide down the standings .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 21 - 17 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 21 - 15 ) 120 - 111 on Monday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Celtics 17 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Spurs shot the ball well , going 49 percent from the field and 54 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went 49 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs also out - rebounded the Celtics 43 - 40 , even furthering their advantage Monday . Rookie Jaylen Brown led the team in scoring off the bench , going 10 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding four rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 18 points and 4 rebounds . Notching a double - double , Jayson center Jayson finished with 12 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt ) and nine rebounds in 35 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , combining for 35 points and 18 rebounds over that span . He 's now averaging 15 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Coming off the bench , San Antonio was led by LaMarcus Aldridge , who finished with a team - high of 32 points ( 13 - 23 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) , while also adding nine rebounds and two blocked shots . It marked his fourth straight game surpassing the 16 - point mark , a stretch where he 's averaged 29 points per game . The only other Celtic to reach double figures in points was Dāvis San Antonio , who went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding four steals and a blocked shot in just 30 minutes . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday , while the Celtics will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 22 - 17 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 28 - 12 ) 125 - 107 on Thursday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start Thursday , out - scoring the Raptors 38 - 19 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Spurs shot the ball well , going 55 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors went 45 percent from the floor and just 20 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs also forced the Raptors into 10 turnovers , while committing just 12 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Spurs were led by Kawhi Leonard , who went 8 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 21 points in 33 minutes . He was able to get to the free throw line seven times , and converted on a perfect 5 - of - 7 . The only other Raptor to reach double figures in points was Serge Ibaka , who went 5 - for - 11 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 14 points , while adding six rebounds as well . It was his second straight game with a double - double , as he 's combined for 54 points and 29 assists over his last two games . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday , while the Raptors will travel to Milwaukee to play the Bucks on Saturday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 23 - 17 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 18 - 21 ) 108 - 88 on Saturday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 27 - 25 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Spurs shot the ball well , going 49 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies went just 38 percent from the floor and a meager 39 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were also able to force the Grizzlies into 19 turnovers , while committing only 15 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Spurs were led by Derrick White off the team . he went 8 - for - 9 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 19 points , while also adding four rebounds and a pair of steals . It was the first time he 's surpassed the 20 - point mark this season , pushing his season average to 12 points per game . LaMarcus Aldridge also had a strong showing , finishing with 18 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 8 - 10 FT ) , two rebounds and two steals . It marked his third straight game with a double - double , as he 's combined for 49 points and 17 rebounds over that span . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was DeMar DeRozan , who finished with 12 points ( 3 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) and nine rebounds in 34 minutes . He 's now averaging 15 points and 6 rebounds on the season . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Monday , while the Grizzlies will travel to New Orleans to play the Pelicans on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the host Oklahoma City Thunder , 154 , 154 , at AT & T Center on Thursday . Despite the Thunder leading for nearly the entirety of this game , it was close throughout . In fact , there were eight ties and 12 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 14 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with San Antonio recording 38 assists to 13 turnovers , while Oklahoma City committed 13 turnovers to just 33 assists . The Spurs shot 57 percent from the field and 84 percent from three - point range , while San Antonio shot just 51 percent from the field and 43 percent from long distance . The Spurs ( 25 - 18 ) had to play this game without Rudy Gay ( hip ) , as they did n't miss a beat . LaMarcus Aldridge continued his fantastic form , as he led the team with 56 points and nine rebounds . Russell Westbrook added to his triple - double barrage , collecting 24 points , 13 rebounds and 24 assists . No other player on the team had more than 14 points , as the other four starters combined for just 49 points . Jerami Grant led the team in scoring off the bench , as he totaled 25 points and 12 rebounds on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Marco Belinelli was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 19 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Oklahoma City will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 20 - 23 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 25 - 20 ) 108 - 93 on Monday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Hornets got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Spurs 28 - 24 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Hornets shot the ball well , going 47 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Hornets went 46 percent from the floor and 35 percent from beyond the arc . The Hornets were led by the duo of Kemba Walker and LaMarcus Aldridge . Aldridge went 11 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 28 points , while also adding 10 rebounds and a blocked shot . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 11 assists over his last two games . Lamb on the other hand shot 8 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding seven rebounds and a blocked shot . It was a season - high in points for Lamb and a surprising performance , as he 's only averaging 12 points per game so far this season . Derrick White was dialed in with his shot as well , going 7 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 18 points , to go along with four rebounds . It was the most points he 's scored since mid - December , so it was good to see him dial in his shot Monday . Having a big game off the bench was Marvin Williams who finished with 11 points ( 3 - 6 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday , while the Spurs will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 25 - 21 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 27 - 21 ) 103 - 95 Sunday at the AT & T Center in a clash of two of the best teams in the Western Conference San Antonio had the lead for the entirety of Sunday 's game , but San Antonio did n't disappoint . The Spurs led by as many as 22 points in the third quarter , but the Spurs battled back to make it a two - point game with 2:56 to go . Both teams went scoreless from then until Rudy Gay hit a clutch three - pointer at the buzzer to seal the win for the Clippers . San Antonio 's backcourt was led by Tobias Harris on Sunday , who scored 27 points ( 12 - 20 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 3 FT ) to go with nine rebounds , nine assists and three steals . The Clippers also got a nice performance off the bench from Montrezl Harrell , who scored 18 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) to go with four rebounds and a steal . The Clippers will now head to Dallas to take on the Mavericks on Tuesday night . For the Spurs , it was just a painful loss in a game that looked to be a blowout early on . San Antonio had seven players score in double digits , but nine players scored in double figures . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday . The Clippers ' next game is on the road Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 29 - 22 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 21 - 28 ) 132 - 119 on Sunday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . Despite being down 51 - 57 at halftime , the Spurs came out in the third quarter though , out - scoring the Wizards 33 - 17 to finish off the 30 - point victory on the road . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 57 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went 45 percent from the floor and just 39 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs also forced the Wizards into 9 turnovers , while committing just 15 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Spurs were led by LaMarcus Aldridge , who went 12 - for - 21 from the field to score 30 points , while also adding nine rebounds and two blocked shots . It was a career - high in points for him , as he 's only averaging 28 points per game so far this season . Thomas on the other hand recorded 21 points ( 8 - 20 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , four rebounds and seven assists of his own . He had a very poor showing on Friday against the 76ers , so it was good to see him turn things around . Trevor Ariza added 20 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 4 - 12 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) of his own , while also adding four rebounds and two steals . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 30 points and 29 assists over his last two games . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday , while the Wizards will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 30 - 22 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 42 ) 126 - 124 on Tuesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 33 - 33 in the first quarter alone . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 60 percent from the floor and 45 percent from beyond the arc . LaMarcus Aldridge was one of the main issues for the Suns . He went 10 - for - 15 from the field and 9 - for - 10 from the free throw line to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding 14 rebounds in 36 minutes . It marked his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 40 points and 12 rebounds . The only other Hornet to reach double figures in points was Josh Bridges , who went 7 - for - 9 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 17 points . It was a season - high in points for him , as he 's only averaging 15 points per game so far this season . Mikal Mikal off the bench with Derrick Jackson , who shot 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from beyond the arc to score 14 points . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday , while the Suns will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Thursday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 31 - 22 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 28 - 25 ) 117 - 114 on Thursday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nets 29 - 25 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Spurs also shot the ball very well , going 40 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went 47 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were also able to out - rebound the Nets 50 - 46 , giving them an even greater advantage over the Nets . The Spurs were led by D'Angelo Russell , who went 10 - for - 26 from the floor and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding nine assists and a game - high of 4 - of - 4 from the free throw line . He had a very poor shooting performance ( 5 - 16 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) in Sunday 's game against the Clippers , so it was good to see him get back on track Thursday . DeMarre Carroll also had a strong showing , finishing with 18 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds and two steals . Like Russell , it was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 38 points and 29 assists over his last two games . He 's now averaging 25 points and 5 assists on the season . Aldridge on the other hand went 5 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding 13 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 33 points and 29 assists over his last two games . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday , while the Nets will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Saturday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 113 - 108 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as they led for over 45 minutes of this game , with New Orleans leading by double - digits for the majority of the game . The Spurs offense was on point , as they shot 48 percent from the field and assisted on 29 of their 44 made baskets . They also took care of business at the charity stripe , going 16 - of - 18 from the free - throw line , with New Orleans hitting just 12 - of - 12 . Defense was key for San Antonio , as they held New Orleans to 45 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Pelicans ( 23 - 30 ) have now lost 10 of their last 9 games , as they continue to battle the Oklahoma City Thunder for the top - spot in the west . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he collected 25 points , 14 rebounds and two steals . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 13 points , six rebounds and five assists . The only other player in double figures was Marco Belinelli , who recorded 17 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting off the bench . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Sacramento Kings .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 34 - 29 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 29 - 31 ) 105 - 93 on Wednesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pistons 32 - 27 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Spurs shot the ball well , going 52 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons went 36 percent from the floor and just 39 percent from deep . The Spurs also out - rebounded the Pistons 55 - 41 , even furthering their advantage in this one . As has been the case all season , Reggie Jackson led the way in this one . He went 8 - for - 18 from the field and 5 - for - 12 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points in just 29 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 17 rebounds over his last two games . Marco Belinelli was also a big factor in the win , finishing with 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) and five rebounds . It was a new season - high in points for him , while the double - double was his first since December seventeenth . While he did n't do too much on the offensive side of the ball with only 17 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt ) , the only other player to reach double figures was Langston Belinelli , who added 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) in 34 minutes . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday , while the Pistons will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Saturday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 35 - 29 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 38 - 24 ) 116 - 102 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a result like this and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Spurs led for nearly every minute of this game , with the Thunder never leading by more than two points in the second half . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with San Antonio recording 15 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Thunder committed 13 turnovers to just 17 assists . The Spurs shot 49 percent from the field , while holding the Thunder to 45 percent from the field . Rebounding was the difference for the Spurs , as they won that battle , 49 - 45 . This was a wire - to - wire win for the Spurs , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 15 minutes . The Thunder ( 35 - 29 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Russell Westbrook continued his MVP form , as he tallied 19 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 18 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points , 13 rebounds and two steals . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Denver Nuggets .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 36 - 29 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 42 - 21 ) 104 - 103 on Monday . The Spurs came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Nikola Jokic was the star , as he tallied a career - high 22 points and 10 rebounds in the win . LaMarcus Aldridge also played well , as he tallied 22 points , nine rebounds and two steals in the win . The Spurs shot 48 percent from the field and 32 percent from long distance , while San Antonio shot 43 percent from the field . Denver will look to keep this momentum going against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday . The Nuggets played this game without DeMar DeRozan and they did n't miss a beat . Nikola Jokic was the star of the game , as he tallied 22 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . DeMar DeRozan led the team with 24 points , six rebounds , seven assists and three steals in the victory . Derrick White also played well off the bench , as he amassed 11 points , four rebounds , nine assists and three blocks in the defeat . The Nuggets will look to play better on Wednesday when they play the Los Angeles Lakers . San Antonio has been playing their best ball of the season recently , but this was a baffling loss . Nikola Jokic had one of his best games of his career , as he accumulated 22 points , 10 rebounds and six assists in the loss . LaMarcus Aldridge also played well , as he scored 22 points and grabbed nine boards . Up next for the Nuggets is a matchup against the Los Angeles Hawks on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 38 - 29 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 50 - 17 ) 121 - 114 on Sunday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Bucks 25 - 32 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Spurs shot the ball well , going 49 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went 47 percent from the floor and just 39 percent from deep . The Spurs also forced the Bucks into 10 turnovers , while committing just four of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Spurs were led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who went 10 - for - 18 from the field and 6 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding 13 rebounds and a blocked shot . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 29 rebounds over his last two games . Eric Bledsoe also had a strong showing , finishing with 21 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 3 FT ) , six assists and two steals . It was his second straight night with 21 points , as he 's a combined 18 - of - 28 from the field over his last two games . Coming off the bench , both Bryn Forbes and Khris Middleton also reached double figures . Middleton finished with 15 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and eight rebounds , while Forbes had 14 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and six rebounds . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday , while the Bucks will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 40 - 29 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 13 - 56 ) 109 - 83 on Friday . The Christmas Day schedule tipped off with an overtime thriller showcasing some of the NBA 's biggest stars . LaMarcus Aldridge was back in the starting lineup after missing two games with an ankle injury . He led the Spurs with 18 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds in 26 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge scored an impressive 18 points on 8 - of - 7 shooting in just 35 minutes . The Spurs will continue their road trip against the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday . New York has dropped two straight games , and they 've been without Rudy Gay ( hamstring ) , who missed his third straight game . DeAndre Jordan was able to wreak havoc in the paint without Tony Gasol for the second straight game , putting up 18 points and 13 rebounds in 30 minutes . DeMar DeRozan put up 13 points , four rebounds and seven assists in 35 minutes , while DeAndre Jordan pitched in a double - double of 11 points and 13 rebounds . The Knicks will embark on a four - game road trip Saturday that begins in San Antonio on Saturday . San Antonio will travel to Portland to face the Trail Blazers on Saturday , as the Knicks will host the Portland Trail Blazers , while the Spurs will travel to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers - advantage with the Trail Blazers - heavily on the team 's overall squad .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 41 - 29 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 42 - 27 ) 108 - 103 on Saturday . San Antonio 's defense was lacking for the first three quarters , but they really turned it on in the fourth . In fact , they held the Trail Blazers to 13 points from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Spurs recorded 17 assists to just 10 turnovers , while Portland committed just eight turnovers to 17 assists . The Spurs ( 42 - 27 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Spurs team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . DeMar DeRozan did all he could for Portland , as he led the team with 21 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 24 points and 16 rebounds , seven steals and two blocks . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 12 points , eight rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Monday . The Trail Blazers ( 42 - 27 ) had to play this game without Zach Collins , but they did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Spurs team . Jusuf Nurkic was the player of the game , as he collected 24 points , 16 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jusuf Nurkic amassed 24 points , 16 rebounds and two steals on 10 - of - 21 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , totaling 12 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and three blocks . On deck for Portland is a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 42 - 29 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 47 - 22 ) 111 - 105 on Monday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Warriors 25 - 25 in the first quarter alone . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Warriors went 47 percent from the floor and 33 percent from deep . The Spurs were led by the duo of Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant . Curry shot 9 - for - 25 from the field and 0 - for - 18 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also adding eight assists . The eight assists were a season - high for Curry , as he was able to get his teammates involved in the blowout win . Gay , on the other hand , went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding six rebounds . He 's now averaging 12 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Draymond Green added 10 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and seven assists as well . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Tuesday , while the Warriors will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 35 - 36 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 42 - 30 ) 110 - 105 on Wednesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Heat got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Spurs 24 - 75 right away in the first quarter . They were the superior shooters as well , going 47 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Spurs went 43 percent from the floor and just 41 percent from deep . The Heat also secured a 48 - 46 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Heat were led by the duo of Goran Dragic and Goran Dragic . Dragic finished with 22 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , two rebounds and two assists , while DeRozan recorded 16 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , 15 rebounds and six assists . He had a very poor shooting performance ( 6 - 12 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt ) in Sunday 's game against the Clippers , so it was good to see him get back on track Wednesday . DeMar DeRozan had a double - double of his own , as he shot 6 - for - 12 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also handing out six assists . He 's now averaging 15 points and 6 assists on the season . Dion Waiters was the only other player to reach double - digits in points . He finished with 18 points , while shooting 7 - for - 14 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 18 points of his own . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Josh Richardson , who came off the bench for 15 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and five rebounds . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Spurs will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 44 - 32 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 57 ) 116 - 110 on Thursday . The Spurs came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Bryn Sexton was the hero , as he hit a game - winning jumper with four seconds left to take the lead and eventually win the game . It was tight throughout , as there were 13 ties and 12 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 6 points . DeMar DeRozan was the lone bright spot for the Spurs , as he tallied 25 points and eight assists . Rudy Gay was n't far behind , as he scored 12 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting . Larry Nance Jr. also had a nice game off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 13 - point , 11 - rebound performance . On deck for the Spurs is a matchup with the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . Cleveland got some great performances from their studs here , but it was one again the defense that let them down . Not only did they allow 110 points , they allowed San Antonio to shoot over 55 percent in the loss . DeMar DeRozan led the team with 25 points and eight assists , while going 5 - for - 0 from the free - throw line . LaMarcus Aldridge also played well , as he scored 18 points and grabbed eight boards in the win . Up next for San Antonio is a date with the Sacramento Kings on Sunday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 113 - 106 , at AT & T Center on Sunday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Kings , as they led by double - digits for the final 36 minutes . Defense was key for the Kings , as they held the Spurs to 47 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Kings also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 48 - 36 and scoring 15 more points in the paint . The Spurs ( 38 - 39 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Spurs team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 15 shooting . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , finishing with 16 points , two rebounds , seven assists and three steals of his own . Harrison Barnes was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and four rebounds . Willie Cauley-Stein played well off the bench , amassing 17 points and six rebounds on 6 - of - 9 shooting . The Spurs will look to play better on Tuesday in a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks . The Kings ( 38 - 39 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to battle Cleveland for the top - spot in the east . Buddy Hield led the way for San Antonio , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 15 shooting . DeMar DeRozan finished with 16 points , two rebounds , seven assists and three steals . DeMar DeRozan totaled 16 points , two rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Bryn Barnes finished second on the team , amassing 15 points and four rebounds . The Spurs will host the Atlanta Hawks for their next game on Tuesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 45 - 33 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 28 - 50 ) 117 - 111 on Tuesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Hawks 33 - 31 in the first quarter alone . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went 46 percent from the floor and just 35 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were able to force the Hawks into 21 turnovers , which may have been the difference in this one . The Spurs were led by DeMar DeRozan , who went 7 - for - 11 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding seven rebounds and seven assists . He 's been on an absolute tear of late , scoring 28 points or more in three of his last four games , as he 's now averaging 12 points and 10 assists on the season . Alex Len was the only other starter to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 21 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) and five rebounds . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 11 points per game on the season . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 48 - 34 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 49 ) 105 - 94 on Wednesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 30 - 16 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Spurs shot the ball well , going 47 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went 41 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from deep . The Spurs also secured a 53 - 42 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Spurs were led by the duo of Dirk Nowitzki and DeMar DeRozan . Nowitzki shot 8 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding 10 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 31 points and 18 rebounds over his last two games . DeRozan , on the other hand , finished with 19 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , five rebounds and four assists in 33 minutes . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 19 points and 6 rebounds per game . Also playing a big factor in the win was DeMar DeRozan , who went 7 - for - 15 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding five rebounds and four assists . He 's had a strong stretch of three games where he 's averaging 19 points , while shooting 41 percent from the field . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Justin Brunson , who came off the bench for 11 points ( 3 - 8 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) and three rebounds . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Spurs on April against the Spurs , while the Mavericks will be at home against the 91 - 91 on April New Orleans .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 121 - 100 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Wednesday . The Suns ( 1 - 0 ) survived a bit of a scare late in Wednesday 's game , as after holding the lead throughout the third quarter , they gave up a 140 run that bled into the final period and they were down as much as six points . Dallas were led by Devin Booker , who scored a game - high 35 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting from the field and 5 - of - 10 shooting from behind the arc . It was n't his best shooting performance of the season , however , as he shot just 4 - of - 19 from the field and 6 - of - 10 from behind the arc . In the end , six different Phoenix players managed to score in double figures in what was a fairly effortless victory . On the other side , it was Dwight Powell who were the star of the show , as he led the team with 16 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting and dishing out five assists in 17 minutes . As a team , the Mavericks were hot from behind the arc , hitting 19 of their 34 shots from long range ( 56 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Mavericks , they did not have the same success from the field , as the team shot just 43 percent from the field and 30 percent from behind the arc . Dwight Powell was a bright spot off the bench , as he led the team with 16 points in 17 minutes . Dallas will play host to the Denver Nuggets on Saturday , while Dallas will return home to face the Timberwolves on Saturday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Phoenix Suns , 131 - 113 , Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena . It was a back - and - forth game between these teams , as after the Lakers ( 1 - 3 ) opened up a 10 - point lead after the first quarter , but the Lakers ( 1 - 3 ) was able to pull away with a six - point lead heading into the fourth quarter . From there , it was all Los Angeles ( 17 - 3 ) to come back from a 25 - 3 run to end the fourth quarter . For the Trail Blazers ( 1 - 3 ) , they were led by Devin Booker , who scored a team - high 23 points on an efficient 8 - of - 16 shooting from the field and 1 - of - 6 shooting from behind the arc in just 29 minutes . Steph James added 19 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , seven assists and three rebounds in 28 minutes , while Josh Hart contributed 15 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , two rebounds , two assists and two steals in 29 minutes . Devin Booker was the lone bright spot for the Suns , scoring 23 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and seven assists in 29 minutes . In the end , it was a night to forget for the Suns , who continue to slide after a hot start to the season . Up next , the Lakers will travel to Denver on Saturday to take on the Nuggets , while the Suns will head home Thursday to play the Grizzlies .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Phoenix Suns 120 - 90 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Wednesday . The Spurs ( 5 - 2 ) took advantage of a major scoring drought at the hand of the Suns ( 1 - 6 ) from the 9:0 mark to the 3:0 point of the first quarter , where Phoenix and Phoenix were dominant on the defensive end . DeMar DeRozan was the high - point man in the contest , as he finished with 25 points , three assists and four rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from behind the arc . DeMar DeRozan led all scorers with 25 points , to go along with four rebounds and three assists . LaMarcus Aldridge rounded out the box score with 24 points , three rebounds and one assist on 4 - of - 11 shooting across 30 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge was the high - point man for the Spurs , with 24 points , on 8 - of - 13 shooting , in 16 minutes off the bench . LaMarcus Aldridge followed up with 24 points on 10 - of - 13 shooting , along with three rebounds and one assist , in 23 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for the Suns , including Marco Belinelli , who poured in 14 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 23 minutes off the bench . The Spurs will look to bounce back , as they play host to the Raptors on Friday , for their second game in as many nights .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Phoenix Suns , 107 - 98 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Friday . Toronto were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this 10 - point victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 31 minutes . Defense was key for the Raptors , as they held the Suns to 44 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Phoenix , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 8 - 1 ) are coming off their worst loss of the season , so a comeback win is all they could ask for to get right back on track . Kawhi Leonard was once again the catalyst , as he led the team with 19 points , six rebounds , five assists and two steals in the loss . Jonas Valanciunas was second on the team , as he scored 16 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Kyle Lowry accumulated 11 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals . Toronto will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies . Phoenix ( 8 - 1 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Isaiah Canaan led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points , two rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and four rebounds on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 18 rebounds in the win . Josh Warren recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and six rebounds . Phoenix will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 102 - 100 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday . Phoenix was expected to win this game easily and they did just that , as they never trailed after the first five minutes . In fact , the Suns only lead came in the first three minutes , as the Suns never trailed after that and never relinquished the lead from there . Defense was key for the Suns , as they held the Grizzlies to 47 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Suns also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 37 - 30 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 27 . The Grizzlies ( 5 - 3 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Devin Booker led the way , as he tallied 25 points and seven assists on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Trevor Ariza was second on the team , accruing 16 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals . Deandre Gasol was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 16 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Phoenix will look to build off this win on Tuesday in a road matchup with the Brooklyn Nets . Phoenix ( 5 - 3 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points and seven assists on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Trevor Ariza was second on the team , accruing 16 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals . Mikal on deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 104 - 82 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Tuesday . The Nets ( 5 - 6 ) survived a bit of a scare late in Tuesday 's contest , as after holding the lead throughout the third quarter , they gave up a 140 run that bled into the final period and they were down as much as six points . Phoenix 's offense was led by Devin Booker , who scored a game - high 20 points on 6 - of - 21 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 8 shooting from behind the arc . In the end , six different Nets players managed to score in double figures in what was a fairly effortless victory . On the other hand , after a hot start to the new year , the Suns ( 2 - 8 ) have now won two of their last three games . Up next , the Nets will remain home Friday to take on the Nuggets , while the Suns will have off until Friday when they face the Celtics at home . The Nets , on the other hand , will look to continue their hot start as they travel to Denver to take on the Nuggets on the second night of a back - to - back . For the Suns , it 's a sigh of relief getting to put one in the win column . They had a five - point lead in the fourth quarter , but the Nets were able to pull out the victory on the back of Caris LeVert and D'Angelo Russell . The Suns will travel to Boston to take on the Nuggets on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Phoenix Suns 116 - 109 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Thursday . The Celtics ( 7 - 4 ) staved off a hungry Suns ( 2 - 9 ) squad that was being led by Kyrie Irving 's game . Irving finished with a game - high 39 points on 13 - of - 28 shooting from the field , and he added six assists , seven rebounds , three steals and one block . As a team , it was a great all - around effort from both teams , as they combined for just 21 assists . As for the Suns ( 2 - 9 ) , it was Devin Booker who led the way for the Suns , scoring a game - high 38 points on 15 - of - 30 shooting from the field and 4 - of - 13 shooting from behind the arc . T.J. Warren and Marcus Morris also scored in double figures , as they each finished with double - doubles in the frontcourt . Warren finished with 29 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting from the field , while his effort ended up overshadowing the return to Phoenix for Deandre Ayton , as he put up 14 points , 10 rebounds and one assist in 41 minutes . The Suns will look to snap their losing streak on Friday when they take on the Pelicans . Phoenix , on the other hand , has established themselves as a legitimate contender early on in the season . They will face the second - place Pelicans on Friday in New Orleans .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the San Antonio Spurs 116 - 96 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Wednesday . The Suns ( 3 - 11 ) staved off a hungry Suns ( 7 - 6 ) squad that was being led by DeMar DeRozan and DeMar DeRozan . DeRozan finished with a game - high 24 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , while Booker added a perfect 13 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting ( 2 - of - 6 from 3 - point range ) in 37 minutes . Five other players scored in double figures for the Suns , with Isaiah Canaan leading the way with 19 points , to go along with four rebounds and one assist , while Isaiah Canaan added 19 points , including five made three - pointers , to go with four rebounds and one assist . Marco Belinelli was the only other player to score in double digits for the Suns , as he chipped in 10 points to go along with four rebounds , one assist and one block . The Suns will look to bounce back when they visit the Los Angeles Clippers ( 32 - 6 ) on Thursday . DeMar DeRozan led the way for the Spurs with 24 points , five rebounds and four assists , while Isaiah Canaan added 19 points on 7 - of - 8 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the only other Spur to score in double figures , as he scored 17 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting in 29 minutes off the bench . The Spurs will look to bounce back , as they go on to play host to the Clippers on Saturday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Suns , 110 - 100 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . Despite the Thunder leading for the majority of the first half , they really fell apart in the middle quarters . In fact , Oklahoma City outscored Suns , 54 - 53 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Suns to 57 percent from the field , 30 percent from three - point range and 57 percent from the free - throw line . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 52 - 30 . Paul George led Phoenix with 32 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Devin Booker finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and 12 assists . Dennis Schroder was the only other starter with more than four points , as he tallied 15 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Deandre Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 26 points and nine rebounds on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Devin Booker did all he could for Phoenix , tallying 16 points , four rebounds and 12 assists , while Dennis Schroeder accumulated 15 points , five rebounds , seven assists and four steals of his own . Devin Booker recorded his first double - double of the season , accumulating 16 points , four rebounds and 12 assists . T.J. Warren led the team in scoring , as he dropped 23 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting off the bench .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Phoenix Suns 109 - 104 Tuesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena . It was a back - and - forth game between these teams , as after the Pacers ( 13 - 8 ) opened up a 15 - point lead after the first quarter , the Pacers ' ( 4 - 16 ) leaky defense had no answered for the Pacers ' ( 4 - 8 ) rally and that was the difference in the game , as the Pacers outscored the Suns , 20 - 23 . Indiana ended up shooting 42 percent from the field and recorded 25 assists on their 38 made baskets . The game was decided at the free - throw line , with the Pacers going 22 - of - 18 from the charity stripe , while the Suns made just 12 - of - 18 . Indiana also dominated the rebounding differential , winning that battle , 45 - 45 . T.J. Warren led the Suns in scoring , as he tallied 25 points and seven rebounds on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Myles Turner was n't far behind , as he totaled 16 points and 13 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and five rebounds . Doug McDermott was a nice spark off the bench , providing 21 points and two steals . The Pacers ( 13 - 8 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . T.J. Warren led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points and seven rebounds on 11 - of - 20 shooting off the bench . Myles Turner recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points , 13 rebounds and five blocks . Myles Turner was just as good , amassing 16 points , 13 rebounds and five blocks . Doug McDermott and Bojan Bogdanovic came off the bench to score 21 points a piece . Phoenix 's next game will be on Wednesday , when they host the Los Angeles Lakers .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 25 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with 15 rebounds , in 39 minutes . Terrence Ross followed up with 21 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , including 2 - of - 6 from long range , in 30 minutes off the bench . Josh Gordon was the only other player to score in double digits for the Suns , as he finished with 18 points , to go along with three assists , nine rebounds and one steal , in 28 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Magic struggled from the field , shooting 40 percent , including 0 - of - 28 from long range . Evan Fournier was the only starter to score in double digits for Phoenix , as he finished with only seven points , to go along with four assists and five rebounds , in 14 minutes off the bench . Six players scored in double digits for the Suns , led by Deandre Ayton , who finished with a team - high 19 points , along with six rebounds and two assists , in 34 minutes . D.J . Augustin finished with 16 points , six assists and three rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Suns shot only 40 percent from the field as a team . The Suns will face the second night of a back - to - back as they host the Heat on Tuesday , in what will be the second game of a four - game home stand .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Phoenix Suns 122 - 105 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Tuesday . The Kings ( 12 - 11 ) claimed their third straight victory and have won seven of their last eight contests . Buddy Hield had his best game in a Kings uniform , scoring 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , while Buddy Hield added six points on 1 - of - 6 shooting across 22 minutes . The Kings shot 46 percent from the field and knocked down 11 three - pointers , including five buckets from behind the arc . Buddy Hield led all scorers with 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting in his farewell game to Sacramento . The Suns jumped out to a one - point first quarter lead and led by double digits for the entirety of the second half . Phoenix was led by Buddy Hield 's 20 points , and he added five rebounds and one assist in 17 minutes of action . Josh Fox was the only other Kings player to finish in double figures , as he scored 16 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting in 20 minutes off the bench . The Suns outscored the Suns 32 - 38 in the fourth quarter . The Suns host the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday , and the Kings play the second half of a back - to - back and the home meeting against the two - seed Cavaliers , Heat , on Thursday , the same night of a back - to - back , home - and - home series .
The Miami Heat defeated the Phoenix Suns , 115 - 98 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Friday . Miami were expected to win this game easily , but Phoenix had other ideas . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference , as the Heat recorded 32 assists to just 12 turnovers , while Phoenix committed 20 turnovers to just 27 assists . Three-point shooting was a big factor as well , with Miami hitting 15 - of - 37 from long distance , while Phoenix went 14 - of - 34 . The Heat also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists than Phoenix , while committing three less turnovers . The Heat ( 10 - 14 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Suns is just what they need to get going . Troy Daniels led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points and four rebounds on 6 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and 11 rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Goran Dragic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 11 points , two rebounds and 10 assists . Troy Daniels led the bench in scoring , dropping 18 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Phoenix will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Los Angeles Clippers . Phoenix ( 4 - 22 ) have had to lean heavily on their starters all season long and all five players played at least 21 minutes in this tight win . Troy Daniels led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the starter for the first two games , as he totaled 16 points and 11 rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Dwyane Wade was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 2 points , one rebound and two steals . The Suns next game will be on Saturday , when they host the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Phoenix Suns 123 - 119 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Monday . The Clippers ( 17 - 9 ) survived a bit of a scare late in Monday 's contest , as they entered the fourth quarter down by a seven - point deficit . However , the Clippers ( 17 - 9 ) battled back steadily in the final period , but went on a 130 run to take a lead at the end of the third quarter . From there , the Clippers dominated the final three quarters , outscoring Phoenix 23 - 25 . It was a close game the whole way . Danilo Gallinari scored a game - high 25 points on 6 - of - 5 shooting from the field and 9 - of - 12 from the free throw line . He added five rebounds and two steals in 37 minutes . Tobias Harris added 16 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , along with four rebounds , five assists , one steal and two blocks . Danilo Gallinari shot a poor 6 - 12 from the field but finished with 25 points and five rebounds . The Clippers will look to build on this win , as they head home to play host to the Raptors on Tuesday . Meanwhile , the Suns ( 4 - 23 ) have now lost two straight and fall to 3 - 4 on the road this season . Tobias Harris led the way for Phoenix with 33 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting , along with eight rebounds , three assists , two blocks and one steal . Danilo Gallinari shot a poor 6 - 12 from the field but finished with 25 points and five rebounds . Richaun Holmes was the high - point man for the Suns , as he finished with 19 points , along with seven rebounds , two assists and three blocks , in 20 minutes off the bench .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the host Dallas Mavericks , 99 - 89 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Thursday . In a battle between two struggling teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Suns , as Dallas led by double - digits for the majority of the game , with the Suns a go - to lead of less than two minutes . Defense was key for the Suns , as they held the Mavericks to 40 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 23 turnovers . In addition , Phoenix shot 40 percent from the field , while Dallas shot just 40 percent . The Suns ( 15 - 12 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Mavericks is just what the doctor ordered . T.J. Warren led the way for Dallas , as he tallied 30 points , three rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 17 shooting . DeAndre Jordan finished second on the team , totaling 14 points and 15 rebounds . Josh Dončić was a huge spark off the bench , providing 13 points , five rebounds , six assists and two steals . Richaun Dončić was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Phoenix will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings . Phoenix ( 5 - 24 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . DeAndre Jordan was the player of the game , as he totaled 14 points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double . Harrison Barnes led the team in scoring , as he dropped 15 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Dallas will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 107 - 99 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Phoenix offense was lights - out , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 80 percent from the free - throw line and 32 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Suns outscoring the Timberwolves , 28 - 28 . Phoenix did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 16 - of - 20 from the charity stripe in the win . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Phoenix winning that battle , 51 - 41 . Devin Booker led the way for Minnesota , as he tallied 28 points and seven assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points and 12 rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Dario Saric recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points and 11 rebounds . Karl-Anthony Towns was the player of the game , as he accumulated 28 points , 16 rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Jeff Teague collected 10 points and 11 assists . T.J. Warren accrued 21 points , five rebounds and one assist . Phoenix will host the New York Knicks on Monday for their next game . The Suns ( 6 - 24 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points and seven assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points , 12 rebounds and two steals . Dario Saric was the only other T'Wolf in double figures , dropping 15 points and 11 rebounds , while Dario Saric accumulated 15 points , 11 rebounds and two assists . Phoenix will host the New York Knicks on Monday for their next game .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Phoenix Suns , 118 - 102 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Friday . Oklahoma City was expected to win this game easily and they did just that by leading for the final 39 minutes . Rebounding was key for the Thunder , as they won that battle , 49 - 34 . The assist margin really killed the Suns , as they committed 17 turnovers , while forcing just 18 from the Thunder . The Thunder ( 9 - 12 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Suns is just what they need to get going . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Dennis Schroder was n't far behind , collecting 20 points , four rebounds and six assists . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 13 rebounds . Nerlens Noel was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , three rebounds , two assists and three steals . Oklahoma City will be in action again on Sunday , as they play the Denver Nuggets on the road . The Thunder ( 22 - 12 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Russell Westbrook was once again the catalyst , as he tallied 40 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists in the win . Dennis Schroeder was second on the team , as he accumulated 20 points , four rebounds , six assists and two steals . Abdel on deck for Phoenix is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Suns , 122 - 100 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Nuggets defense was especially good , as they shot 55 percent from the field , 77 percent from the free - throw line and 51 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Nuggets outscoring the Suns , 26 - 5 . Defense was key for the Nuggets , as they held the Suns to 62 percent from the field , 38 percent from three - point range and 62 percent from the free - throw line . Denver also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 40 - 38 . The Suns ( 38 - 38 ) had to play this game without Devin Booker and Eric Cousins , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Jamal Murray was the leading scorer , as he tallied 27 points , six rebounds and eight assists on 16 - of - 18 shooting . T.J. Warren finished second on the team , totaling 22 points , three rebounds , three assists and five steals . Malik Beasley led the bench with 15 points , a rebound and two assists . Denver will host the New York Knicks on Tuesday for their next game . The Suns ( 9 - 38 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jamal Murray was the lone bright spot , as he led the team with 46 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Nikola Jokic amassed 23 points , eight rebounds , nine assists and three steals . T.J. Warren accrued 22 points , three rebounds , three assists and five steals .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 132 - 109 , at Oracle Arena on Monday . This was one of the closest games of the season , as there were 12 ties and 31 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than seven at any point . Free-throw shooting was the difference for the Warriors , as they went 26 - of - 32 while the Suns went 26 - of - 32 . The Warriors also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 44 - 38 . Deandre Ayton was the only starter to play well , as he totaled 25 points and 10 rebounds on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Stephen Curry led the team in scoring , dropping 34 points , nine rebounds and four assists on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Klay Thompson was second on the team , scoring 15 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting . Draymond Green was the only other Warrior in double figures , totaling 7 points , three rebounds and seven assists . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Thursday . The Suns ( 9 - 29 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Stephen Curry did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 34 points , nine rebounds and four assists . T.J. Warren finished second on the team with 24 points , four rebounds and four assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 15 points and three rebounds . On deck for Phoenix is a road matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday .
The Sixers ( 25 - 14 ) held on to beat the Suns ( 9 - 30 ) 132 - 127 in Phoenix on Wednesday night . Joel Embiid led the way with a double - double of 18 points and 11 rebounds in 33 minutes , while Deandre Ayton played a team - high 36 minutes with 18 points , 11 rebounds , and two steals . Josh Holmes chipped in 13 points off the bench , and Josh Holmes chipped in 13 points and four rebounds in 14 minutes off the bench . The Sixers , who have dropped two straight , were led by Devin Booker , who scored a game - high 37 points on 10 - of - 22 shooting from the field . Ben Simmons was n't too far behind with 29 points of his own , as he went 7 - of - 11 from the field and 0 - of - 0 from behind the arc . As for the Suns , Josh Holmes did it all on Wednesday , as he finished with 13 points , four rebounds and two assists , while Josh Holmes added 13 points , six rebounds and four assists . As a team , the Suns shot 54 percent from the field , compared to the 45 percent mark from the Suns . Up next , the Sixers will look to keep up their winning ways Saturday against the Mavericks , while the Suns will look to avoid dropping their third straight game in Los Angeles against the Clippers on Friday . Phoenix , meanwhile , will hope to bounce back as they take on the Clippers in Los Angeles on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 121 - 111 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Friday . In a battle between two struggling teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were 17 ties and 30 lead changes in total , as neither team led by more than nine points . The Clippers got it done with defense , as they held Phoenix to 53 percent from the field ( 41 - of - 77 ) and 47 percent from three - point range ( 9 - of - 19 ) . The Suns shot 53 percent from the field and 42 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with the Clippers winning that battle , 43 - 25 . The Suns ( 9 - 31 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Devin Booker once again carried the load , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and four assists . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double , totaling 18 points and 13 rebounds . Patrick Beverley accrued 16 points , four rebounds , five assists and two steals . Richaun Holmes came off the bench to provide 16 points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Clippers is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Sunday . The Suns ( 9 - 31 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Devin Booker led the way for the Suns , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds and four assists . Danilo Gallinari finished with 21 points and seven rebounds . T.J. Warren accrued 20 points , two rebounds and two assists . Richaun Holmes came off the bench to provide 16 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 119 - 113 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday . Charlotte was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Hornets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Hornets , as they held the Suns to 52 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Phoenix , despite committing six less turnovers . The Suns ( 9 - 32 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kemba Walker led the way for Phoenix , as he tallied 29 points and seven rebounds . Tony Parker was second on the team , with his 20 points , six rebounds and six assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 12 shooting . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday . The Hornets ( 19 - 20 ) have now lost 14 of their last 12 games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points and seven rebounds . Josh Parker finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , six assists and four steals . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 12 shooting . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 10 - 32 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 21 ) 115 - 111 on Tuesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Kings 35 - 32 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Suns shot the ball well , going 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 48 percent from the floor and 52 percent from beyond the arc . The Suns also out - rebounded the Kings 37 - 43 , giving them even more of an advantage and needed just a chance to win the game . Coming off the bench , Kelly Oubre Jr. led the way , going 9 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 26 points , while also adding five rebounds , four assists , three steals and a blocked shot in just 30 minutes . The only other King to reach double figures in points was Buddy Hield , who came off the bench for 16 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) in 31 minutes . T.J. Warren had a strong showing , going 9 - for - 19 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding four rebounds . He 's now averaging 21 points and 9 rebounds on the season . Deandre Ayton was also a big factor in the win , recording 17 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) , 12 rebounds and a blocked shot . It marked his third double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 10 points and 4 rebounds per game . Coming off the bench , Willie Cauley-Stein added 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds and three blocks . The Suns ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Thursday , while the Suns will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 33 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 28 - 13 ) 102 - 93 on Saturday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 31 - 23 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Suns also shot very well in this one , going 41 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at just 39 percent from the floor and a meager 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Nuggets were also able to force the Nuggets into 22 turnovers , while committing only nine of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Suns were led by Nikola Jokic , who went 8 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while also adding 10 rebounds and a blocked shot . It was his third double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 38 points and 12 rebounds . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Jamal Murray , who came off the bench for 12 points ( 4 - 17 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , nine rebounds and three steals in 33 minutes . He 's picked it up offensively of late , averaging 22 points over his last five games , despite averaging only 3 points per game on the season . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 23 - 24 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 38 ) 118 - 91 on Tuesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 32 - 27 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Suns shot the ball well , going 44 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 43 percent from the floor and 21 percent from beyond the arc . The Timberwolves were also able to force the Suns into 21 turnovers , while committing only 14 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Timberwolves were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who went 10 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding 18 rebounds in 31 minutes . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 21 points and 13 rebounds . Notching a double - double , C.J . Booker finished with 14 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and four assists in 24 minutes . The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points was Kelly Oubre Jr. , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) in 26 minutes . The Timberwolves ' next game will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday , while the Suns will travel to Portland to play the Trail Blazers on Thursday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 30 - 20 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 39 ) 120 - 106 on Thursday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Trail Blazers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 30 - 31 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 47 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 41 percent from the floor and just 34 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum . Lillard shot 7 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding three steals . It was his second impressive performance in a row , as he 's combined for 49 points and 25 rebounds over his last two games . He 's now averaging 18 points and 9 rebounds on the season . McCollum , on the other hand , went 8 - for - 15 from the floor and 4 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 20 points in 25 minutes off the bench . He 's only reached double figures in points six other times this season , so it was good to see him get things pointed back in the right direction Thursday . Coming off the bench , Kelly Oubre Jr. was able to score an efficient 18 points ( 6 - 18 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , to go along with six rebounds , seven assists and three steals in 34 minutes . The only other Blazer to reach double figures in points was Jusuf Nurkic , who contributed 16 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 8 - 8 FT ) and nine rebounds . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday , while the Suns will travel to Denver to play the Nuggets on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Suns , 118 - 33 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday . Atlanta were expected to win this game easily and they did just that by leading for the final 34 - plus minutes . Turnovers were Phoenix 's downfall , as they committed 32 of them , while forcing just 24 from Atlanta . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Hawks , as they led by at least seven points for the final 43 minutes . Defense was key for the Hawks , as they held the Suns to 70 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 36 turnovers . The Hawks , on the other hand , 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . John Collins was the only bright spot for the Hawks , as he led the team with 35 points and 16 rebounds . Josh Young finished second on the team with 27 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 15 shooting . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points and six rebounds . On deck for the Suns is a road matchup against the Suns on Monday . The Hawks ( 17 - 35 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . John Collins was the player of the game , as he collected 35 points , 16 rebounds and two assists on 13 - of - 20 shooting . Josh Young finished second on the team with 27 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup against the Suns on Monday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 118 - 110 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Monday . Houston was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Rockets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 28 minutes of action . Scoring in the paint was a big factor for the Rockets , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Houston also dominated the shooting , hitting 49 percent of their shots , while holding Phoenix to just 54 percent from the field . The Rockets ( 31 - 22 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Josh Jackson did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 25 points , five rebounds and two assists on 11 - of - 23 shooting . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 14 rebounds . James Ennis III got a rare start and totaled 13 points , two rebounds , two assists and four steals . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 23 points , three rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocks . On deck for the Rockets is a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . The Suns ( 11 - 44 ) are now just 5 - 5 across their last 13 games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season . James Harden was the player of the game , as he accumulated 44 points , eight rebounds , six assists and three steals . Chris Paul was n't far behind , accumulating 18 points , five rebounds , four assists and five steals . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 23 points , while James Ennis provided 13 points , two rebounds , four assists and four steals of his own off the pine as well . These two teams will have a rematch on Wednesday in Sacramento for their next fixture .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Suns , 117 - 83 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Friday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily and they did just that by leading for the final 33 minutes . It was a wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 19 minutes of action . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Warriors recording 30 assists to 18 turnovers , while the Suns committed 37 turnovers to just 37 assists . Golden State was extremely efficient , as they shot 51 percent from the field and assisted on 30 of their 41 made baskets . The Warriors ( 39 - 15 ) have now lost 13 of their last 11 games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Klay Thompson did all he could for Suns , as he led the team with 25 points , six rebounds and two assists . Kevin Durant totaled 21 points , eight rebounds and three assists . DeMarcus Cousins totaled 18 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 25 points , while Richaun Holmes led the bench with 10 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Suns is a home matchup versus the Suns on Sunday . The Warriors ( 39 - 15 ) have really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the team in scoring , as he dropped a career - high 25 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting off the bench . Stephen Curry was second among starters , as he accumulated 20 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Draymond Green was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . The Warriors will look to get out of this slide on Sunday in a home matchup against the struggling Suns .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 28 - 36 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 51 ) 130 - 116 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . The two teams combined for just 79 points in the first half and shot a whopping 57 percent from the field . The key for the Pelicans was the three - point shooting , as they went 16 - for - 27 , with the Suns going just 12 - for - 34 . Phoenix did dominate down low though , as they scored a season - high 70 points in the paint , while outrebounding the Suns 39 to 39 . The Pelicans offense was very efficient , as they shot 57 percent from the field and recorded 34 assists on 50 made baskets . Phoenix came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 24 points . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , tallying 26 points and seven assists in the win . Jrue Holiday also played well , as he tallied 21 points , nine assists and five steals of his own . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a great spark off the bench , as he scored 19 points . On deck for the Pelicans is a matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Saturday . The Suns played this game without Kobe Bryant and they did n't miss a beat . Cheick Diallo led the team with 15 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Anthony Davis had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 17 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three blocks in the defeat . The Suns next game will be on Saturday , when they play the Los Angeles Lakers in the second half of a back - to - back set .
The Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 51 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 30 - 33 ) 118 - 109 on Saturday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 33 - 26 in the first quarter alone . The Suns were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 23 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 48 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Suns also out - rebounded the Lakers 41 - 40 , giving them even more of an advantage . LeBron James was unstoppable in this one , going 10 - for - 21 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding 16 assists and eight rebounds in 40 minutes . The points were a new season - high for the guard , as it marked just the fourth time this season he 's reached double figures in points . Booker , on the other hand , went 8 - for - 18 from the field and 0 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also adding four rebounds and four assists . Devin Booker had a strong showing as well , posting a team - high of 25 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 9 - 9 FT ) , to go along with four rebounds and four assists . He 's picked it up offensively of late , averaging 26 points over his last five games , as he 's been on fire of late . JaVale McGee was a big reason the Lakers were able to shoot an impressive 8 - for - 10 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding seven rebounds . McGee has been one of the few bright spots for the Lakers this season . JaVale McGee was very efficient in his return . He went 10 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while grabbing seven rebounds . It was his second game in a row with 21 points , as he 's now averaging 11 points and 4 assists on the season . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 51 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 48 - 16 ) 114 - 105 on Monday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns came out and had a strong start to this game , out - scoring the Bucks 31 - 31 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Suns shot the ball well , going 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks finished at 37 percent from the floor and just 29 percent from deep . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the way for the Suns , as he finished with a game - high of 27 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 12 - 17 FT ) , 13 rebounds and three blocked shots off the bench . It was a new season - high in points for him , while it marked his second double - double over his last four games . Malcolm Brogdon was dialed in with his shot as well . He went 7 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding seven rebounds . He 's combined to shoot 3 - of - 19 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Monday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Ersan Ilyasova added 19 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and seven rebounds as well . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Thursday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 51 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 13 - 52 ) 107 - 96 on Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Knicks 16 - 22 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Suns shot the ball well , going 48 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went 45 percent from the floor and 40 percent from deep . The Suns also forced the Knicks into 21 turnovers , while committing just 13 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Suns were led by Devin Booker , who went 14 - for - 23 from the field and 6 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 41 points , while also adding five rebounds , four assists , two steals and a blocked shot . It was his second straight 17 - point performance in a row , as he 's been a big reason the Knicks have won three of their last four games . Noah was the only other player to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 15 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and two rebounds over 31 minutes . It was his second straight night with 15 points , pushing his season average to 8 points per game . Noah Vonleh chipped in with 15 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) off the bench as well . The Suns ' next game will be on the road against the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday .
The Utah Jazz ( 38 - 29 ) routed the Phoenix Suns ( 16 - 53 ) Wednesday night at Talking Stick Resort Arena , 114 - 97 . The Jazz led for the vast majority of the game and stretched their lead to as much as 31 points in the third quarter . But the Jazz ( 38 - 29 ) managed to storm back , however , closing the gap and even taking the lead with under a minute remaining . However , Devin Booker came up clutch for the Jazz , hitting a three - pointer to take a two - point lead with just over two minutes left in the fourth to put the Suns up for good with 1:25 remaining . All five Jazz starters scored in double figures , led by Booker 's game - high 27 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) , along with six assists and four rebounds , in 35 minutes . Derrick Favors chipped in 18 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , in 25 minutes , while Tyler Johnson chipped in 15 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , four rebounds and two assists , in 31 minutes off the bench . The Jazz shot 47 percent from the field and 36 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Devin Booker led the Suns in scoring and finished with a game - high 27 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) , along with six assists and four rebounds , in 35 minutes . Derrick Favors finished with 18 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , seven rebounds , seven assists and one block , in 25 minutes . Tyler Johnson chipped in 15 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , four rebounds and two assists , in 31 minutes off the bench , while Richaun Holmes chipped in 11 points , five rebounds , two steals , one assist and one block , in 15 minutes off the bench . The Jazz will have a couple days rest before they host the Timberwolves on Thursday . The Jazz will host the Timberwolves on Thursday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 20 - 52 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 55 ) 116 - 101 on Monday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Bulls came out on fire in this game , out - scoring the Suns 34 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Bulls were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 25 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went just 46 percent from the floor and a meager 27 percent from beyond the arc . The Bulls were also able to force the Suns into 26 turnovers , while committing only 13 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Bulls were led by Robin Lopez , who went 11 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the free throw line to score 24 points , while also adding seven rebounds and a blocked shot . Over his last five games , he 's now boasting averages of 21 points , 7 rebounds and 4 assists , while shooting 20 percent from the field over his last three games . Ayton on the other hand recorded 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 6 FT ) , seven rebounds and two assists of his own . The Bulls were led by a huge performance from Deandre Ayton , who scored 25 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) , to go along with 12 rebounds , three assists and three blocked shots . It marked his fourth double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 24 points and 10 rebounds . The third member of the Suns ' front court , Josh LaVine , added 17 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and seven assists . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday , while the Suns will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Phoenix Suns , 118 - 98 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Thursday . Detroit was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Pistons pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 24 minutes . Defense was key for the Pistons , as they held the Suns to 48 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 19 turnovers . In addition , Detroit shot 42 percent from the field , while Phoenix hit just 48 percent from the field . The Pistons also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 46 - 35 . The Pistons ( 17 - 56 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points and five rebounds on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points , 19 rebounds and three steals . Reggie Jackson made his debut for the Pistons , as he scored 14 points to go along with three assists and two steals . Dragan Bender was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 11 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Detroit will look to build off this win on Saturday in a road matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers . The Suns ( 17 - 56 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points and five rebounds on 8 - of - 17 shooting off the bench . Deandre Drummond recorded a monster double - double , totaling 16 points , 19 rebounds and three blocks . Blake Griffin accrued 17 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Andre Drummond recorded a 16 - point , 19 - rebound double - double . On deck for Phoenix is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 31 - 45 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 59 ) 124 - 121 on Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 27 - 30 in the first quarter alone . The Wizards were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went just 49 percent from the floor and a meager 38 percent from deep . The Wizards were led by the duo of Thomas Booker and 28 points ( 19 - 29 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , while also adding 10 rebounds and four assists . Beal , on the other hand , finished with 28 points ( 11 - 22 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) , two rebounds and four assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big reason for the Wizards ' success this season . Jordan McRae came off the bench to score 21 points ( 8 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) in 24 minutes , while also notching a season - high of three steals . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 32 points and 45 rebounds over his last two games . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Utah Jazz on Friday , while the Suns will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Phoenix Suns , 120 - 115 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . The Grizzlies defense was especially good , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 75 percent from the free - throw line and 32 percent from three - point range . The key for the Grizzlies was their free - throw shooting , as they went 30 - of - 40 from the charity stripe , while Phoenix went just 17 - of - 23 . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Suns to 53 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Grizzlies , as they led by double - digits for the majority of the game . Devin Booker was the player of the game , scoring a career - high 48 points on 19 - of - 29 shooting . Mike Conley was n't far behind , as he tallied 33 points , four rebounds and five assists . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and 13 rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Justin Holiday went a perfect 5 - of - 9 from the field to accrue 14 points , two rebounds two steals and a block . Phoenix will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers . The Suns ( 17 - 60 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he tallied 33 points , four rebounds , five assists and two steals on 10 - of - 19 from the field . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and 13 rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and 13 rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . The Suns return to action on Monday , when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers for their next game .
The Phoenix Suns ( 18 - 60 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 59 ) 122 - 113 on Monday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 31 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Suns shot the ball well , going 55 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went only 45 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . The Suns were led by the duo of Devin Booker and Devin Crawford . Booker went 8 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also adding three steals . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 60 rebounds over his last two games . Crawford , on the other hand , finished with 19 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five assists , doing a little bit of everything for the Suns , as he went 8 - for - 18 from the floor and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score his second 19 - point game over the last three games . It was the first time he 's reached double figures in points since mid - March , so it was good to see him come back around . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson added 20 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , to go along with six rebounds and three assists . The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday , while the Suns will travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Phoenix Suns 118 - 97 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 48 - 30 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind the return of their star point guard Rudy Gobert . Gobert finished the night with 17 points , 13 rebounds and five blocks on 7 - of - 9 shooting in 35 minutes . The Michigan product , on the other hand , added 17 points , 13 rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 9 shooting , including six three - pointers , to go along with five assists on the night . Joe Ingles added 27 points , five rebounds and eight assists on 10 - of - 13 shooting across 35 minutes . The Jazz were led by Richaun Holmes , who finished with 16 points , nine rebounds and four assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting , while Rudy Gobert fell the clock short of the double - double department , and finished with 17 points and 13 rebounds in the win . The Jazz will look to bounce back when they visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 32 - 61 ) on Friday . The Jazz were led by Richaun Holmes on Wednesday , as he scored 16 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with five rebounds , six assists and one steal . Joe Ingles was the only other player to score in double figures , as he scored 27 points , to go along with five rebounds and eight assists .
The Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 61 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 32 - 48 ) 133 - 126 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially New Orleans , as they shot 49 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Suns won the game , as they outscored the Pelicans 64 - 49 in that 20 - minute stretch . Phoenix has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Elfrid Payton got back to a triple - double , as he tallied 14 points , five rebounds and 12 assists in the loss . Julius Randle also played well , as he recorded just 11 points and six rebounds on 13 - of - 24 shooting in the loss . The key for the Suns was the rebounding , as they snatched down 46 boards to the Pelicans 53 . New Orleans came into this game as huge underdogs in the second half of a back - to - back and it was clear they did n't have their legs underneath them . The Pelicans shot 49 percent from the field , while holding New Orleans to 49 percent from the field . The Pelicans will look to bounce back on Sunday against the Sacramento Kings in their next matchup . This marked the Suns 10th straight loss and their 25th loss in their last 14 games . The leading scorer was Jamal Crawford , who dropped 28 points , three rebounds , seven assists and three steals off the bench as well . Elfrid Payton had a nice all - around game though , as he accumulated 14 points , five rebounds and 12 assists . On deck for New Orleans is a matchup against the Houston Kings on Sunday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 131 - 120 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a result like this , but it happened in strange fashion . The second quarter is when they really made their mark , as they outscored Oklahoma City , 34 - 34 , in the fourth quarter . The Kings offense was on point , as they shot 55 percent from the field and 45 percent from three - point range . The Kings shot just 44 percent from the field and 23 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Sacramento winning that battle , 46 - 51 . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Kings , as they led by double - digits for the majority of the game . Russell Westbrook was the player of the game , accumulating 32 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists on 13 - of - 23 from the field . Paul George was second on the team , finishing with 29 points , six rebounds , two assists and three steals . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 14 rebounds , two blocks and two blocks . On deck for the Thunder is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday . The Thunder ( 0 - 3 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Iman Shumpert was spectacular in his return , as he led the team with 26 points , three rebounds , four assists , three steals and two blocks . De'Aaron on deck for Oklahoma City is a home matchup against the Boston Celtics on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 101 - 95 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Thursday . Despite the final scoreline , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Celtics going 11 - of - 32 from long range , while the Thunder went just 7 - of - 28 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Celtics recording 19 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Thunder committed 16 turnovers to 19 assists . Fastbreak points was a huge factor as well , with the Celtics winning that battle , 160 . The Thunder ( 0 - 1 ) had a tough task here against the Thunder and they simply did n't have enough to pull out a big road win . Paul George was the player of the game , as he tallied 22 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Al Horford finished second on the team with 19 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kyrie Irving collected 15 points , five rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams totaled 12 points and six rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup with the Phoenix Suns on Saturday . The Celtics ( 3 - 2 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Thunder team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Paul George did all he could for Oklahoma City , as he led the team with 22 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Marcus Morris was second on the team , providing 21 points and five rebounds . Steven Adams amassed 12 points and nine rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 117 - 110 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday . Phoenix were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Thunder pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Suns to 44 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Phoenix , despite committing nine less turnovers . The Suns ( 1 - 5 ) continue to struggle , as they 've now lost six of their last seven games . Paul George led the way for Phoenix , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds , five assists , three steals and two blocks . Deandre Noel was the only other starter to play well , as he totaled 20 points and 15 rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points and 15 rebounds in just 25 minutes of action . On deck for Oklahoma City is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday . The Suns ( 1 - 5 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Paul George continued his dominance , as he led the team with 23 points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocks . Nerlens Noel was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points , 15 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Patrick Patterson was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points and four rebounds . On deck for Phoenix is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 128 - 110 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Tuesday . The Thunder ( 2 - 4 ) turned a slim seven - point lead at halftime into a robust 25 - point lead heading into the fourth quarter , but the Thunder ( 4 - 3 ) was able to pull away with a six point lead at the end of the third quarter . The Clippers ( 4 - 3 ) battled back late , but held the Clippers to just 33 points in the final frame . Russell finished with a game - high 32 points on fantastic 13 - of - 25 shooting , to go along with four rebounds , eight assists and three steals , in 26 minutes . Paul George followed up with 32 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting , including 3 - of - 5 from long range , along with 12 rebounds , four assists and two blocks , in 24 minutes . Four other players scored in double digits for the Thunder , including Jerami Grant , Jerami Grant and Jerami Grant , who chipped in 12 points each . Jerami Grant chipped in 12 points , five rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 25 minutes off the bench . The Thunder will face the second night of a back - to - back as they visit Philadelphia to take on the Hornets on Thursday . Meanwhile , Danilo Gallinari led the Clippers with a game - high 27 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , in 26 minutes off the bench . Lou Williams followed up with 17 points , while Steven Adams chipped in 18 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , and grabbed 10 rebounds . This marked the second straight loss for the Clippers , who will look to bounce back , as they play host to the 76ers on Thursday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 122 - 116 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Monday . The Thunder ( 5 - 4 ) came out like a house afire to open the game , scoring a whopping 28 points in the first quarter . They led for the entirety of the second half , while New Orleans took just 20 points in the second , third and fourth quarter . Paul George led the way with 23 points , six rebounds , eight assists and four steals on 6 - of - 17 shooting . Dennis Schroder was the only other Pelicans starter in double figures , totaling 22 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Holiday 's backcourt partner , Dennis Schroder , scored 22 points off the bench , to go with two assists and three steals . The bench was led by Jerami Grant 's 13 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , while Jerami Grant added 13 points on a perfect 5 - of - 12 shooting . The Pelicans shot just 49 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . Oklahoma City was led by 26 points and eight assists from Paul George , who shot 6 - of - 17 from the field and 4 - of - 10 from three - point range . Nikola Mirotic added 16 points off the bench , and Steven Adams added 18 points . Next up , the Pelicans visit the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday , while the Thunder visit the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Houston Rockets , 98 - 80 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Thursday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 14 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Rockets to 38 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Houston , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 7 - 4 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Paul George was the player of the game , as he tallied 20 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Steven Adams finished second on the team , totaling 19 points and 10 rebounds on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Chris Paul accrued 10 points , two rebounds , five assists and six steals . On deck for the Rockets is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday . The Rockets ( 4 - 6 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . James George led the Rockets in scoring , as he dropped 19 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 19 points and 10 rebounds . Chris Paul was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , two rebounds , five assists and six steals . Clint Capela led the bench with 17 points and seven rebounds . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Saturday against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Phoenix Suns 118 - 101 Monday at Chesapeake Energy Arena . For the Suns ( 2 - 11 ) , they continue to roll as they have now won four in a row after dropping three straight . T.J. Warren led the way for the Thunder , scoring a team - high 21 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting from the field to go along with six assists and five rebounds in 37 minutes . Dennis Schroder was the only other Suns player to score in double figures , scoring 20 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting and dishing out nine assists in 35 minutes . As a team , the Thunder were hot from behind the arc , hitting 13 of their 27 shots from long range ( 48 percent ) , and they ended up needing every last one of them . As for the Suns , they did not have the same success from the field , as the team shot 48 percent from the field and 27 percent from behind the arc . Paul George led the way with a team - high 32 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 6 - 10 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with eight rebounds and six assists , while Devin Booker posted 19 points ( 7 - 18 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , six assists and four rebounds . In the end , however , it was T.J. Schröder who shot 6 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from beyond the arc to finish with 20 points . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Wednesday , while the Suns will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Knicks , 128 - 67 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . Paul George has lived up to every penny of the $ 139 million contract he signed this offseason in the NBA , after a two - game absence due to an ankle sprain . The perennial All-Star finished with a game - high 35 points on sizzling 13 - of - 22 shooting from the field , including 5 - of - 11 from behind the arc . He added seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Dennis Schroder was the only other Thunder player in double figures , tallying 15 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , 12 assists and four rebounds in 30 minutes . Paul George led the way for the Thunder with 35 points , seven rebounds and five assists in 28 minutes , while Steven Adams added 19 points of his own , shooting 9 - of - 13 from the field . As for the Knicks , they were led by Tim Hardaway Jr. , who scored a team - high 20 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in just 19 minutes . No other Knicks player scored in double figures , but it was n't enough to get them the win . New York 's next game is on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday . The Knicks , on the other hand , will head home on Friday to face the New Orleans Pelicans , while the Thunder will host the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 109 - 104 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Friday . The Thunder ( 9 - 9 ) learned earlier in the day that they would be without Avery Teague ( ankle ) , the Hornets ( 9 - 9 ) have naturally depended heavily on perennial All-Star Russell Westbrook , and he 's validated their faith on countless occasions . However , others in the OKC supporting cast have occasionally stepped up to lessen the load on the dynamic point guard , and such was the case on Christmas Day . It was the Thunder 's pair of big men , Steven Adams and Dennis Schroder , who combined for 54 points and 19 boards , respectively . That was the case again Friday , as Oklahoma City posted a 44 percent success rate from the floor while limiting the Hornets to a 46 percent tally . Walker 's 25 points led the way for the visitors , a total he supplemented with two assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . Dennis Schroder followed with 23 points , one assist and one steal . Paul George followed with 19 points , seven boards , six assists , two steals and one block . Dwayne Bacon chipped in with 11 points , two assists and two rebounds . Cody Zeller totaled 10 points , four rebounds , five assists and one block . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet nicely with nine points , nine rebounds and four assists . Jerami Grant led the bench with 11 points , six rebounds , one assist and one steal . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with a game - high 25 points , which he supplemented with eight assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . Dennis Schroder followed with 18 points , two assists and five rebounds . Frank Kaminsky III was productive in a reserve role as well with 12 points , eight boards , one assist , two blocks and one steal . Marvin Williams managed 10 points , six rebounds and one steal . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet with nine points , nine rebounds and four assists . The Hornets head back home to take on the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday afternoon , while the Thunder head to the Lone Star State to take on the Nuggets on Saturday evening .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 105 - 98 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Nuggets left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Denver pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 33 minutes . Defense was key for the Nuggets , as they held the Thunder to 36 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Denver winning that battle , 54 - 54 . The Nuggets ( 13 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jamal Murray was the catalyst , as he led the team with 22 points , eight rebounds and eight assists on 9 - of - 23 shooting . Nikola Jokic finished second on the team , totaling 16 points , six rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 14 rebounds . Jerami Grant was the only other player in double figures , providing 13 points and two rebounds . Trey Lyles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 6 shooting . The Nuggets ( 12 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . Jamal Murray led the team in scoring , as he tallied 22 points , eight rebounds and eight assists off the bench . Nikola Jokic was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points , six rebounds and five assists . Trey Lyles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 6 shooting . Jerami Grant led the bench in scoring , dropping 13 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Oklahoma City will look to get out of this slump on Wednesday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 100 - 83 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 14 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Cavaliers to 39 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . Oklahoma City also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than the Cavaliers , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 13 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Cleveland just adds to their impressive resume ' . Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , three rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 22 shooting off the bench . Paul George was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , four rebounds and four assists . Cedi on deck for Cleveland is a road matchup against the Boston Celtics on Friday . The Thunder ( 13 - 7 ) have struggled on defense all season and a date with the Thunder is the last thing they wanted to see . Jordan Clarkson led Cleveland , as he totaled 25 points , three rebounds and two assists . Jerami Grant finished second on the team , amassing 21 points and five rebounds off the bench . Paul George finished with 18 points , four rebounds and four assists . Cedi on deck for Cleveland is a road matchup with the Boston Celtics on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 124 - 109 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Friday . Despite the final scoreline , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 15 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Hawks to 45 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Atlanta , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 14 - 7 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Hawks is just what the doctor ordered . Russell Westbrook was once again the catalyst , accumulating 23 points , nine rebounds and 10 assists . Alex Len was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 21 points and six rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Dennis Schroeder was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 18 points , three rebounds and eight assists . Alex Abrines led the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting off the bench . The Hawks will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Golden State Warriors . The Hawks ( 14 - 7 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Russell Westbrook continued his MVP form , collecting 23 points , nine rebounds , 10 assists and four steals . Alex Abrines finished second on the team with 21 points . Álex also grabbed two rebounds and one assist to his tally . Oklahoma City will host the Golden State Warriors on Monday for their next game .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Utah Jazz , 122 - 113 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Monday . Utah were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Thunder pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 28 minutes . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Jazz to 51 percent from the field , 28 percent from three - point range and 63 percent from the free - throw line . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 43 - 45 . Paul George led Utah with 31 points , three rebounds , three assists and four steals . Dennis Schroder was the only other starter with more than 10 points , as he tallied 23 points , four rebounds and six assists . Steven Adams totaled 22 points and seven rebounds . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 31 points , three rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Dennis Schroder finished with 23 points , four rebounds , six assists and two steals . Jae Crowder totaled 13 points and six rebounds . Jerami Grant led the bench with 13 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Jazz is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 13 - 15 ) have now lost four of their last five games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . Paul George led Utah in scoring , as he tallied 31 points , three rebounds , three assists and four steals . Steven Adams was second on the team , with 22 points , seven rebounds and three steals . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 14 rebounds .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 110 - 104 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . The Thunder ( 18 - 10 ) were able to stave off a late comeback attempt by the Clippers ( 17 - 12 ) on Saturday . They jumped out to a 25 - 25 lead after the first quarter and held a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . The Thunder shot 47 percent from the field and dished 26 assists , while holding Los Angeles to only 51 percent from the field . Paul George led the way with a game - high 33 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and six assists , in 24 minutes . Tobias Harris followed up with 22 points and nine rebounds , while Montrezl Harrell added 21 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , in 25 minutes off the bench . The Thunder will look to build on this win , as they head home to play host to the Bulls on Monday . Meanwhile , the Clippers ( 17 - 12 ) saw their win streak come to an end as they went scoreless in the last 2:50 as they were stifled by an overwhelming push of energy and intensity from the Thunder and their home crowd . Danilo Gallinari led the way with 28 points , to go along with seven rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 37 minutes . Jerami Grant chipped in 18 points , four rebounds , two steals and three blocks , in 11 minutes . The Clippers will look to get back on track as they play host to the Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 121 - 96 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Monday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 7 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Bulls to 45 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Chicago , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 19 - 10 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Paul George continued his dominance , as he tallied 24 points , eight rebounds , four assists and three steals . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and eight rebounds . Cameron Payne came off the bench to provide 11 points , three rebounds and six assists . On deck for Chicago is a home matchup versus the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday . The Thunder ( 19 - 10 ) have now won 20 of their last 17 games , as they continue to Chesapeake Energy Arena up . Russell Westbrook did all he could for Chicago , as he led the team with 24 points , 16 rebounds , 11 assists and five steals . Lauri on deck for Chicago is a road matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 114 - 112 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday . The Thunder ( 21 - 11 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Thunder ( 21 - 11 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Russell Westbrook for back - to - back technical fouls after 35 minutes for arguing a referee 's call . However , Minnesota was able to pull away in the third quarter on the strength of a pair of three - point shots from long range . The dynamic duo of Russell Westbrook and Andrew Wiggins led the way for the visitors , which collectively shot an outstanding 49 percent from the floor and 52 percent from three - point range . Their offensive proficiency and 40 - 45 rebounding advantage helped them overcome 15 turnovers to cruise to a relatively comfortable home victory . The Thunder were led by Andrew Wiggins , who supplied 30 points , five assists , six rebounds and one steal . Karl-Anthony Towns followed with 18 points , four boards , six assists and one block . Jerami Grant led the bench with 14 points , seven rebounds and two blocks . Dennis Schroder was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , two assists , one rebound and one steal . Paul George led the way for the visitors with 31 points , 3 rebounds , three assists and one steal . Karl-Anthony Towns was next with 18 points , four rebounds , six assists and one block . Robert Covington tallied 13 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals . Steven Adams posted 12 points , four boards and one steal . Dario Saric led the second unit with 10 points , eight rebounds and a steal . The Thunder head back home to tangle with the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday evening , while the Thunder remain home and await the Houston Rockets for a Tuesday night showdown of their own .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Dallas Mavericks , 122 - 102 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Monday . Dallas were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Thunder pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 37 minutes . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Mavericks to 42 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 46 - 49 . The Mavericks ( 17 - 19 ) had to play this game without Nicolas Batum ( migraine ) and they simply could n't overcome his absence . Russell Westbrook picked up his 15th triple - double of the season though , collecting 32 points , 11 rebounds and 11 assists in the win . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points and five rebounds . Jerami Grant was the only other player in double figures , as he dropped 16 points to go along with four boards . Jerami Grant led the bench in scoring , dropping 16 points to go along with four rebounds . Jerami Grant was a huge spark off the bench , providing 16 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Mavericks ( 17 - 19 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to Chesapeake Energy Arena . Harrison Barnes was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 25 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 13 rebounds . Nerlens Noel was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points and five rebounds . Dorian Finney-Smith and Dorian Finney-Smith each scored in double figures off the bench . Dallas will host the Charlotte Hornets for their next game on Wednesday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 116 - 98 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday . Russell Westbrook did everything he could to keep the Thunder ( 25 - 14 ) alive while hosting the Wizards ( 16 - 24 ) . The premier point guard was responsible for the driving layup to bring the game within one point with 0:34 left in the fourth quarter , and buried the 27 - foot three pointer to tie the game at 103 - 103 points each to force overtime . Once again , Westbrook finished with a game - high 22 points , to go along with 15 rebounds and 13 assists on the night . Paul George added 20 points , four rebounds and five assists , while Jeff Green pitched in 16 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting . The Wizards ( 25 - 14 ) were led by Bradley Beal , who scored a game - high 25 points on 10 - of - 27 shooting , while Paul George scored 20 points , to go along with five rebounds and five assists . Otto Porter , Jr. scored 20 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting , while the only other player to score in triple digits for the Wizards was Jeff Green , who finished with 16 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with six rebounds and two assists . The Wizards were led by Bradley Beal , who scored 14 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting , while Oklahoma City shot just 43 percent from the field and 40 percent from behind the arc .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 119 - 117 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Tuesday . Wire-to-wire wins in the NBA usually indicate a blowout , but that was far from the case here . In fact , the Timberwolves pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 40 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Timberwolves , as they held the Thunder to 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Wolves recording 25 assists to 16 turnovers , while the Thunder committed 16 turnovers to 22 assists . That 's evident by the fact that the Timberwolves went 32 - of - 40 from the free - throw line and 11 - of - 26 from the free - throw line . The Timberwolves also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 42 - 43 . The Thunder ( 25 - 15 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to Chesapeake Energy Arena up for the future . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he accumulated 40 points , 10 rebounds and four assists in the win . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with 20 points and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , accumulating 20 points , 12 rebounds and four steals . The Thunder will be off until Friday , when they play the San Antonio Mavericks on the road . The Timberwolves ( 25 - 15 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Chesapeake Energy Arena . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he accumulated 40 points , 10 rebounds and four assists in the win . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with 20 points and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , accumulating 20 points , 12 rebounds and four steals . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 26 - 16 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 25 - 19 ) 122 - 112 on Saturday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . The Thunder got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Spurs 23 - 31 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Thunder shot the ball well , going 46 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Spurs went 46 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Thunder also out - rebounded the Spurs 47 - 52 , even furthering their advantage in this one . Like he 's done this season , Russell Westbrook led all scorers for the Thunder . He went 9 - for - 24 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 24 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and seven assists . He 's been absolutely phenomenal throughout the whole second half of this season and he continues to put up solid numbers , shooting just 32 percent from the field and 38 percent from behind the arc . LaMarcus Aldridge also played well . He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also grabbing nine rebounds . It was a season - high in points for him , as he 's only averaging 14 points per game so far this season . LaMarcus Aldridge also had a strong showing , finishing with 17 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , nine rebounds and three steals . It marked his second straight night with 14 points , pushing his season average to 8 points per game . Bryn Forbes had his best game of the season . He went 8 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 19 points in 25 minutes . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 46 points and 31 rebounds over his last two games . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday , while the Spurs will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Monday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 25 - 21 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 26 - 18 ) 138 - 128 on Thursday . Los Angeles stopped their two - game losing streak with the win . Six players scored in double digits for the Lakers . Paul George led the way with a game - high 27 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting from the field to go along with seven rebounds and eight assists in 43 minutes . Russell Westbrook led the way for the Lakers with a game - high 26 points in 43 minutes . Steven Adams recorded his second double - double of the season , putting up 17 points and 15 rebounds in 33 minutes . The Thunder will go on the road to face the Houston Rockets on Saturday . Oklahoma City has lost four straight games . They shot a woeful 39 percent from the field and 23 percent from beyond the arc Thursday . Paul George led the team in scoring with 27 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting , along with eight assists and seven rebounds in 43 minutes . Oklahoma City will aim to snap a five - game losing skid Saturday when they take on the Sixers in Philadelphia in what will be a close matchup , while the Thunder will have a day of rest before hosting the 76ers on Saturday , and the Thunder will host them on the second of the back - to - back 13 - 2 's back - to - back began in Oklahoma City the road 's matchup against Houston .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 123 - 114 Tuesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena . In a game of runs , the game came down to who could make their free throws in the closing moments , with the Thunder ( 29 - 18 ) converting on just enough of their free throw attempts to hold off the Trail Blazers ( 29 - 20 ) , who refused to go away , in the end . Fresh off his 33 - point , 33 - year - old out of the season in mid - January , Russell George has been making his presence felt on the defensive end . After his 29 - point , 10 - assist performance in Tuesday 's win over the Nuggets , Westbrook has now recorded back - to - back 48 - point performances in his first two games . The Thunder ( 29 - 20 ) , who were coming off a tough loss to the Utah Nuggets on Sunday , bounced back from a tough loss to the Clippers on Thursday . Six players scored in double figures , and C.J . McCollum led the team with 31 points . Jusuf Nurkic was a huge spark off the bench , recording 22 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting and 15 rebounds in 37 minutes . As a team , the Thunder shot a scorching 11 - of - 23 ( 48 percent ) from behind the arc . For the Trail Blazers , they continue to slide , as they are now a game ahead of Boston for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western Conference standings . Up next , the Thunder will head home Thursday to take on the Pelicans , while the Trail Blazers will head to Phoenix on Thursday to play the Suns .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 122 - 116 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Thursday . The Thunder ( 30 - 18 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Russell Westbrook . The MVP candidate finished with 23 points , 17 rebounds and 16 assists on 9 - of - 19 shooting in 36 minutes . Jrue Holiday added 22 points of his own , to go along with seven assists , nine boards , four steals and one block on 9 - of - 19 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 3 - of - 3 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Thunder ' double - digit lead in the second half . The Pelicans bench was led by Cheick Diallo led the way with 16 points , four rebounds , one steal and one block on 7 - of - 12 shooting . The bench was led by Jerami Grant 's 14 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , while Jerami Grant and Terrance Ferguson were the only other Thunder players in double figures , scoring 14 and 14 points , respectively . Jerami Grant was the high man for the Pelicans in the game with 16 points , while Jerami Grant pitched in 14 points and three rebounds off the bench . Both teams play on Saturday , as the Pelicans visit the San Antonio Spurs , while the Thunder host the Milwaukee Bucks . The Pelicans host the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 31 - 18 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 35 - 13 ) 118 - 112 on Sunday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . The Thunder were able to keep their playoff hopes alive with the win over the Bucks . The Thunder were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 43 percent from the floor and 41 percent from beyond the arc . The Thunder were also able to force the Bucks into 28 turnovers , while committing only 11 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Thunder were led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who went 8 - for - 22 from the field and 8 - for - 12 from the free throw line to score 27 points , while also recording a team - high of 18 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 25 rebounds over his last two games . Khris Middleton shot well , going 8 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding four rebounds and a steal . It was his second straight night recording 18 points , pushing his season scoring average to 19 points per game . Coming off the bench in his return from an ankle injury , Jerami Grant had 16 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) as well . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Orlando Magic , 132 - 122 , in overtime Tuesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena . The Magic ( 22 - 32 ) came into Tuesday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . However , to make matters worse , Russell George made his return to the Magic ' rotation and put the game out of reach with a season - high 39 points . George led the way for Oklahoma City with 39 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals , while Russell Westbrook added 16 points , 16 assists , 15 rebounds , one steal and one block . He went on to finish with 16 points , 15 assists and 15 rebounds in his return . Terrence Ross led the Magic with 26 points and five rebounds , while Steven Adams added 14 points and four rebounds . The Thunder were led by Paul George , who scored a game - high 39 points on 9 - of - 26 shooting , including 6 - of - 15 from distance . George also added eight rebounds , three assists and three steals . Dennis Schroder was the only other Magic player in double figures , as he scored 20 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting . As a team Oklahoma City shot 50 percent from the field and 41 percent from behind the arc . Next up , the Magic play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit Minnesota on Thursday , while the Magic visit the Timberwolves on Thursday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 117 - 95 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Thursday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Grizzlies to 44 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 35 - 19 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds and four assists . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 15 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Ivan Rabb drew the start for Noah and finished with 15 points and nine rebounds . The Grizzlies will be off until Saturday , when they host the New Orleans Rockets for their next game . The Grizzlies ( 35 - 19 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , five rebounds , four assists and four steals . Jerami Grant was second on the team , dropping 20 points off the bench . Steven Adams accrued 11 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the heat is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Saturday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 120 - 111 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Monday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Thunder left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Oklahoma City held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half , while holding a triple - digit lead for the majority of the fourth quarter . Shooting was key , with the Thunder shooting 48 percent from the field and 46 percent from three - point range . The Trail Blazers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Portland , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 37 - 19 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 47 points , 12 rebounds and two steals . Jake Layman was a nice spark off the bench , as he provided 18 points , four rebounds and two steals . Jusuf Nurkic amassed nine points and 12 rebounds on 2 - of - 7 shooting . Al-Farouq Aminu was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points and nine rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday . The Blazers ( 33 - 23 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Damian Lillard was the player of the game , as he tallied 31 points , seven rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , totaling 13 points , four rebounds and four assists . Jusuf Nurkic amassed nine points , 12 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Deonte on deck for Portland is a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Utah Jazz , 100 - 147 , Friday night at Chesapeake Energy Arena . The Jazz ( 32 - 26 ) actually entered the fourth quarter with a 66 - 60 lead , but the Jazz ( 32 - 26 ) came storming back and the two teams entered the final period all tied up . Ultimately , the Jazz managed to open up a four - point lead with just over three minutes remaining in the fourth quarter , but the Jazz ( 38 - 26 ) managed to creep back into the game in the final period , and with the game - tying three with just over four minutes remaining in the fourth quarter , the Jazz were able to salt the game away at the free throw line . Paul finished with a game - high 45 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and one steal in 50 minutes , as he nearly had a triple - double in the win . Derrick Favors recorded a double - double , putting up 24 points on 10 - of - 11 shooting and 10 rebounds in 31 minutes . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , putting up 16 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting and 10 rebounds , while Joe Ingles scored 15 points in 46 minutes , shooting 5 - of - 10 from the field and 5 - of - 9 from the free throw line . Steven Adams recorded a double - double of 16 points and 10 rebounds , while Joe Ingles added 15 points , five rebounds , and seven assists . As for the Jazz , they got a career - high 47 points from Paul George , who shot 17 - of - 31 from the field overall . Rudy Gobert added 26 points of his own , but he shot a poor 9 - of - 12 from the field and 8 - of - 13 from the free - throw line . Jerami Grant was the only other Utah player to score in double figures , putting up 18 points in 40 minutes . Dennis Schroder got the start and scored 15 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting in 31 minutes . Steven Adams recorded a double - double of 16 points and 10 rebounds . Up next , the Jazz will stay at home Saturday to take on the Jazz , while the Jazz will head home Saturday and play the Mavericks .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 119 - 116 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . Russell Westbrook did everything he could to keep the Thunder ( 38 - 21 ) alive while hosting the Kings ( 38 - 21 ) on Saturday . Hield finished with 34 points , five rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block on 12 - of - 22 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 5 - of - 12 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Kings ' double - digit lead in the second half . On top of the massive scoring , Westbrook led the way with 41 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and four assists on 15 - of - 30 shooting . Dennis Schroder added 14 points , two assists and two rebounds , while Steven Adams contributed 11 points and nine boards . The Thunder ( 38 - 21 ) were led by Buddy Hield , who scored a game - high 34 points on 12 - of - 22 shooting . Marvin Bagley added 19 points and 10 rebounds , while Willie Cauley-Stein added 10 points off the bench . Paul George had a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , and added five assists . Dennis Schroder led the Thunder bench with 14 points , two rebounds and two assists . The Thunder will visit the Denver Nuggets ( 44 - 38 ) on Monday , while the Thunder visit the Denver Nuggets on Monday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 108 - 104 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Thursday . The Thunder ( 38 - 23 ) learned earlier in the day that Paul George would miss the game with an illness , but the bigger story on Thursday night , Russell Westbrook and Ben Simmons were able to carry the weight for the Sixers on Thursday . Simmons led all scorers with 32 points , which he complemented with five rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block on 5 - of - 9 shooting . The Sixers ( 40 - 22 ) were led by Tobias Harris , who posted a game - high 32 points , which was supplemented with five rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Jimmy Butler was right behind him with 20 points , eight assists , eight rebounds and two steals . Steven Adams posted a 11 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal . Dennis Schroder was right behind him with 17 points , seven assists , one rebound and one steal . Steven Adams posted a near double - double with 11 points , nine rebounds , one assist and one steal . Westbrook paced the Thunder with a 23 - point , 11 - assist triple - double that also included two rebounds , one steal and one block . Jimmy Butler followed with 20 points , eight boards , eight assists and two steals . Markieff Morris was a distant second behind Westbrook , managing 17 points , four rebounds and one steal . Steven Adams posted a 11 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . J.J. Redick had 12 points , four rebounds and four assists . The Thunder head back home to tangle with the Golden State Spurs on Saturday night , while the Thunder remain home to face off with the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday evening .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 39 - 24 ) beat the Memphis Grizzlies ( 25 - 40 ) 99 - 95 on Sunday . Russell Westbrook continued his unbelievable statistical hot streak in the Thunders ' winning effort , recording 22 points on 7 - of - 20 shooting , six assists , and six rebounds in 35 minutes . The All-Star point guard has now shot 58 percent from the field in his last two games , and at least 19 points of his own . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , putting up 16 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting and 13 rebounds in 32 minutes . Steven Adams recorded a double - double of 13 points and 22 rebounds , and Delon Wright recorded a double - double of 16 points and an assist off the bench . For the Grizzlies , it was Avery Bradley who led the way in the losing effort , scoring a game - high 27 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting from the field and 2 - of - 6 from behind the arc . As a team , the game was lost for the Thunder with their long range shooting , as they shot just 32 percent from behind the arc and 32 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Thunder will head home Tuesday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Grizzlies will travel to Portland on Tuesday to play the Trail Blazers any number . The Thunder will have a quick turnaround , traveling to Minneapolis to take on the Timberwolves on Tuesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 108 - 96 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Thunder left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Oklahoma City held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of the second half . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Nets to 42 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 51 - 43 . The Nets ( 36 - 34 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to Chesapeake Energy Arena up for the top - spot in the east . Spencer Dinwiddie was Brooklyn 's best player , as he led the Nets with 25 points , five rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Paul George finished second on the team with 14 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Jerami Grant and Steven Adams were huge off the bench , as Grant scored 15 points a piece . Westbrook also added 12 rebounds and three assists , while Dinwiddie added five rebounds and two assists . The Nets ( 36 - 34 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Thunder team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Spencer Dinwiddie was the player of the game , as he collected 25 points , five rebounds and two assists . D'Angelo Russell was n't far behind , accumulating 14 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 13 points and seven rebounds . Jerami Grant led the bench in scoring , dropping 15 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 110 - 88 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Thunder team and they did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was free - throw shooting , with the Thunder hitting just 57 percent of their free - throws to the Celtic 's 91 percent . Rebounding was also decisive , with Golden State winning that battle , 53 - 52 . The Warriors ( 47 - 21 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to Chesapeake Energy Arena up for the MVP Steph Curry . Curry led the way with 33 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals , despite committing four turnovers . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 23 points , eight rebounds , four assists and three steals . Draymond Green was the only other player in double figures , providing 9 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Golden State will look to keep rolling on Monday against the San Antonio Spurs . The Thunder ( 42 - 28 ) have now won four - straight games , as they continue to show how dangerous they can be . Stephen Curry was the player of the game , as he accumulated 33 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , dropping 23 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating nine points , eight rebounds , six assists and three steals .
The Miami Heat ( 34 - 36 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 42 - 29 ) 116 - 107 on Monday . Most people would have expected the Thunder to be the better team at this point of the year , but this game was closer than expected . Oklahoma City actually led for the majority of the game , as the Heat never led by more than one and held a lead for the entirety of the second half . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with Miami recording 30 assists to eight turnovers , while the Thunder matched their assists and turnovers at 21 a piece . Scoring in the paint was extremely lopsided as well , with Miami winning that battle , 66 - 17 . Free-throw shooting also killed Oklahoma City , as they went just 21 - of - 27 , with the Heat going 15 - of - 27 . The Thunder ( 42 - 29 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 31 points , nine rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Jerami Grant was second on the team in scoring , dropping 27 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday . The Thunder ( 42 - 29 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Goran Dragic led the way for Oklahoma City the team - around of his own , as he provided 25 points , five assists and two steals . Jerami Grant was second on the team in scoring , dropping 27 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 123 - 114 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Raptors left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Toronto pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 30 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held the Thunder to 42 percent from the field , 30 percent from three - point range and 52 percent from the free - throw line . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 51 - 30 ) had to play this game without Devin Booker and Devin Booker , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to pull out the upset win . Pascal Siakam stepped up in his absence though , as he led the team with 33 points and 13 rebounds . Paul Leonard was just as good , accumulating 22 points , 10 rebounds and six assists of his own . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 23 points and five assists . The Raptors will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday for their next game . The Raptors ( 51 - 21 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a tough task against a feisty Toronto team . Russell Westbrook was the player of the game , as he collected 42 points , 11 rebounds and six assists . Danny Green was second on the team , finishing with 17 points , five rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Raptors is a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Raptors on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Indiana Pacers , 107 - 99 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Thunder left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Oklahoma City held a double - digit lead for the entirety of the second half , while holding a double - digit lead for the majority of that stretch . Defense was key for the Thunder , as they held the Pacers to 43 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Indiana , while committing three less turnovers . The Thunder ( 44 - 31 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 31 points , four rebounds and two steals . Domantas Sabonis started and totaled 18 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Myles Turner amassed 12 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks . Jerami Grant came off the bench to provide 19 points and seven rebounds . Things do n't get any easier for Indiana , as they play the Boston Celtics on the road for their next game . The Thunder ( 44 - 31 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to Chesapeake Energy Arena up for the future . Bojan Bogdanovic was the player of the game , accruing 28 points , two rebounds and four assists . Steven Adams finished second on the team with 25 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and two steals . Myles Turner recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks . Myles Turner amassed 12 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 115 - 105 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Friday . Oklahoma City was expected to win this game easily and they did just that by leading for the final 16 - plus minutes . Turnovers were Oklahoma City 's downfall , as they committed 27 of them , while forcing just 12 from Denver . The Nuggets were lights - out from long distance too , going 14 - of - 33 from three - point range in their win . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Denver winning that battle , 39 - 35 . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing five less turnovers . The Nuggets ( 44 - 32 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Jamal Murray led the team in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 11 - of - 20 from the field . Paul George was n't far behind , as he tallied 25 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and five rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Will Barton was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 12 points in 24 minutes . On deck for Oklahoma City is a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday . The Thunder ( 44 - 32 ) had won six - straight headed into this game , so a double - digit home win in just what the doctor ordered . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 23 points , 16 rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Paul George finished second on the team , totaling 25 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , scoring 16 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Washington Wizards .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 106 - 103 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday afternoon . The Thunder ( 44 - 33 ) were looking to bounce back from a tough 110 - 106 loss to the Jazz on Friday night , and they relied on two of their most dependable stars to get back into the win column . Paul George led the way with a game - high 27 points , and added 11 rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . His scoring haul included three three - pointers . Steven Adams posted a double - double with 20 points and 15 boards , and he shot an impressive 9 - of - 19 from the field , including 3 - of - 8 from three - point range . Steven Adams posted a 20 - point , 15 - rebound double - double , while Jerami Grant and Dwight Powell produced a pair of 14 - point efforts off the bench . The Mavs were led by Trey Burke 's 25 points off the bench , which he supplemented with eight assists and two rebounds . Steven Adams posted a near double - double with 20 points , 15 boards , two assists and two blocks , while Dirk Nowitzki contributed a modest seven points but hauled in 13 rebounds and recorded a steal . Devin Harris was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 15 points , an assist and a rebound . The Thunder head back home to face off with the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday night , while the Thunder head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday evening .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 45 - 33 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 35 - 43 ) 119 - 103 on Tuesday . Not many people would have expected a Thunder win in this game , but they were able to pull out a big road win . The Thunder shot 46 percent from the field in this game , while holding Los Angeles to just 48 percent from the field . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 50 boards to the Lakers 39 . The Thunder also shot 46 percent from the field , while holding the Lakers to 48 percent shooting . The Lakers have been a huge surprise this season and this win adds to their impressive resume . The defense was key , as they held the Lakers to 48 percent shooting and forced them to commit 21 turnovers . The Lakers have been playing better recently , but this was a baffling loss against a struggling Thunder team . Russell Westbrook had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 20 points , 20 rebounds and 21 assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led all scorers with 23 points , while grabbing five rebounds . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he scored 13 points and grabbed eight boards . Up next for the Thunder is a matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Los Angeles . All five starters scored in double - figures , with Paul George leading the team with 19 points . Jerami Grant had a nice all - around game though , as he totaled 15 points and eight rebounds . On deck for the Lakers is a matchup with the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 46 - 33 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 39 - 40 ) 123 - 110 on Friday . The game was a tale of two halves , with the Thunder jumping out to a 30 - 34 lead after one quarter and never looking back . The visitors were led by Blake Griffin , who posted 45 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Russell Westbrook was a distant second with 19 points , 15 assists , eight rebounds and a steal . Dennis Schroder contributed a 14 - point , 10 - assist double - double , and Russell Westbrook 's 19 - point , 15 - assist double - double that also included eight rebounds and a steal . Dennis Schroder continued his recent stretch of impressive play with 14 points , 10 assists , seven rebounds and a steal . The dynamic duo of Russell Westbrook and Dennis Schroder combined for 45 points on the night , with the former also hauling in eight rebounds and dishing out an assist . The Pistons were led by Paul George 's 30 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . Ish Smith followed with 12 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Langston Galloway was productive in a reserve role as well , posting 11 points , two rebounds and an assist . The Thunder remain atop the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are in the third seed in the conference as well . They head to Detroit to take on the Hornets on Sunday . The Pistons were led by Blake Griffin 's 45 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . Ish Smith followed with 12 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Langston Galloway was productive in a reserve role as well , posting 11 points , two rebounds and an assist . The Thunder remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Minneapolis to face the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Houston Rockets , 112 - 111 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Tuesday . This game meant a lot more to the Rockets than the Thunder , but that ended up being the case on Tuesday . In fact , the Thunder led for the final 40 - plus minutes , as they took a 18 - point lead into the fourth quarter . Oklahoma City shot 42 percent from the field , while holding Houston to just 43 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Thunder recording 20 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Rockets committed 11 turnovers to 18 assists . Houston had one of their best offensive games of the season , going 42 percent from the field , 34 percent from three - point range and 85 percent from the free - throw line . The Thunder also dominated the rebounding , winning that differential , 56 - 42 . Russell Harden led the way for Houston , as he tallied 27 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks . Terrance Ferguson started for Wall and finished with 16 points , three rebounds and two steals . Terrance Ferguson was the only other player in double figures , as he accumulated 16 points , three rebounds and three steals . The Thunder 's next game is on Wednesday against the Milwaukee Bucks . The Rockets ( 53 - 29 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 3 games behind the Rockets for the eight - seed in the west . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 39 points , 10 rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 25 shooting . Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Chris Paul was the only other Rockets player in double figures , accumulating 24 points , eight rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Rockets is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 131 - 123 , at Target Center on Friday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 43 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference for Minnesota , as they went 10 - of - 25 from long range , while the Cavaliers went just 8 - of - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Timberwolves recording 28 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Cavaliers committed 14 turnovers to just 26 assists . Kevin Love led the Cavaliers in scoring , as he dropped 25 points and 19 rebounds on 6 - of - 19 shooting . Andrew Wiggins was second on the team , with his 22 points , three rebounds , two assists and three steals . Derrick Rose was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 12 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Jordan Clarkson was the only other Cavalier with more than 14 points , as he provided 19 points , four rebounds and three steals off the bench . Minnesota will have a quick turnaround , as they host the Dallas Hawks on Sunday for their next game . Cleveland ( 0 - 2 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Timberwolves team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Jimmy Butler did all he could for Cleveland , as he led the team with 33 points , seven rebounds , three assists and four blocks . Cedi on deck for Cleveland is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Indiana Pacers , 101 - 91 , at Target Center on Monday . In a game that meant very little for both teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . Victor Oladipo was the hero , as he hit two clutch free - throws with less than a second left to seal the win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor for the Timberwolves , as they went 22 - of - 24 from the charity stripe , while Indiana went 11 - of - 16 . Defense was key for the Timberwolves , as they held the Pacers to 39 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . Minnesota also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording seven more assists than Indiana , while committing three less turnovers . The Timberwolves ( 2 - 2 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . It was a team effort for Minnesota , as they led by double - digits for the entirety of the second half . Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he tallied 20 points , three rebounds and three assists . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , collecting 20 points and five rebounds . Taj Gibson was the only other Indiana player in double figures , as he totaled 13 points and seven rebounds . Jimmy Butler led the way for Indiana , as he accrued 20 points , three rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Myles Turner was the only other Indiana player in double figures , as he amassed 16 points and three rebounds . Minnesota 's next game is on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors .
Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the winners , as he poured in 16 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , two blocks , one assist and one steal , in 26 minutes . Derrick Rose followed up with 14 points , while the only other player to score in double digits for the Timberwolves was Malcolm Brogdon , who chipped in 13 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting , including 2 - of - 2 from deep , in 25 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Bucks , led by Ersan Ilyasova , who finished with 16 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , in 20 minutes off the bench , while Khris Middleton added 16 points , four rebounds , two steals , one assist and one block , in 24 minutes . The Bucks shot 53 percent from the field and 41 percent from long range , while they dished 32 assists . Meanwhile , Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the T-Wolves , with 16 points , seven rebounds , two blocks and one assist , in 26 minutes . Khris Middleton added 16 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting from deep , while Khris Middleton was close behind with 16 points , four rebounds , two steals and one assist . Malcolm Brodgon chipped in 13 points off the bench . Jimmy Butler struggled from the field , but still finished with only four points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 24 minutes .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 124 - 120 , at Target Center on Monday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 100 minutes . Three-point shooting was the only real advantage for Minnesota , as they went 14 - of - 29 from long distance , while the Lakers went just 12 - of - 33 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Timberwolves recording 26 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Lakers committed 18 turnovers to just 24 assists . The Lakers ( 2 - 5 ) had to play this game without Luol Deng and Luol Deng , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Lakers . Brandon Ingram led the team in scoring , dropping 24 points and five rebounds on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Karl-Anthony Towns was second on the team , with his 25 points , 16 rebounds and four blocks . Josh Okogie was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 17 points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . JaVale McGee was huge off the bench , providing 13 points , five rebounds , two steals and three blocks on 6 - of - 8 from the field . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday . The Lakers ( 2 - 5 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he tallied 32 points , six rebounds and four assists . Brandon Ingram was second on the team , as he scored 24 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting off the bench . Rajon Rondo was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Minnesota will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Utah Jazz .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Utah Jazz 128 - 125 on Wednesday at Target Center . The Jazz ( 4 - 4 ) came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge road win . Derrick Rose was the hero , as he hit two clutch free - throws with less than a second left to seal the win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor for the Timberwolves , as they went 16 - of - 24 from the charity stripe , while Utah went 16 - of - 30 . Defense was key for the Timberwolves , as they held the Jazz to 48 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording two more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Jazz ( 4 - 3 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Derrick Rose was the star , as he dropped a career - high 50 points on 19 - of - 31 shooting . Karl-Anthony Gobert was the only other player in double figures , as he totaled 22 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks . Andrew Wiggins was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 19 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the Jazz is a road matchup against the Golden State Grizzlies on Friday . The Jazz ( 4 - 3 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Derrick Rose was the star , as he dropped a career - high 50 points to go along with four rebounds and six assists . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , totaling 19 points , six rebounds , two steals and a block . Jae Crowder totaled 18 points and seven rebounds . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 13 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Utah will be off until Friday , when they host the Golden State Warriors for their next game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 120 - 113 , at Target Center on Monday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 42 minutes . Three-point shooting was the decisive statistic , with the Timberwolves going 10 - of - 23 , while the Nets went just 18 - of - 50 from the charity stripe . The Timberwolves ( 5 - 9 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Timberwolves is just what the doctor ordered . Jeff Teague did all he could for Brooklyn , as he led the team with 31 points , two rebounds and six assists . Jeff Rose was second on the team , with his 24 points , two rebounds and six assists . Rondae Gibson was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 17 points , six rebounds and five assists . Rondae Gibson came off the bench to provide 14 points , six rebounds , five assists and three steals . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , five rebounds and three assists . Minnesota will host the Miami Heat on Wednesday for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 6 - 8 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . D'Angelo Russell was Brooklyn 's best player , as he tallied 31 points , two rebounds and six assists on 10 - of - 22 shooting . Derrick Rose was second on the team , as he accrued 23 points , two rebounds and six assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 14 points and two rebounds . Caris LeVert and Caris LeVert scored 10 points a piece off the bench . Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the New Orleans Pelicans for their next game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 107 - 100 , at Target Center on Wednesday . In a game that meant very little for both teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . E'Twaun Moore was the leading scorer , as he scored a game - high 31 points , to go along with four rebounds and four assists . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and four assists . Nikola Mirotic was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 16 points and 10 rebounds in the defeat . E'Twaun Moore led the bench in scoring , as he dropped 31 points on 13 - of - 23 shooting . Anthony Davis was the only starter in double figures , as he tallied 29 points , 11 rebounds and four blocks . Andrew Wiggins was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 23 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals . E'Twaun Moore was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and five rebounds . The Timberwolves ( 7 - 7 ) have struggled on the road all season and a matchup against the Pelicans is the last thing they wanted to see . E'Twaun Moore led the bench , as he tallied 31 points , four rebounds and four assists on 13 - of - 23 shooting . Jeff Teague finished with 14 points , two rebounds and 14 assists . Nikola Mirotic was a nice spark off the bench , totaling 16 points and 10 rebounds . Robert Covington provided 13 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals of his own . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday . The Pelicans ( 7 - 7 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . E'Twaun Moore led the way , as he tallied 31 points , four rebounds and four assists . Anthony Davis finished with 29 points , 11 rebounds , two assists , two steals and four blocks . Jrue Holiday amassed 14 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Nikola Mirotic came off the bench to provide 16 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for New Orleans is a road matchup with the New York Knicks on Friday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 112 - 96 , at Target Center on Friday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 71 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference for Minnesota , as they went 12 - of - 28 from long range , while Portland went just 8 - of - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Timberwolves recording five more assists than the Blazers , while committing three less turnovers . The T'Wolves were killed in the arc , hitting 50 percent of their shots , while holding Portland to just 42 percent from the field . The Timberwolves ( 10 - 5 ) have been playing much better recently , but this was a tough task against a potent Minnesota offense . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 18 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 8 shooting , while going 7 - for - 8 from the free - throw line . Derrick Rose was the only other Maverick in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , seven rebounds and six assists . The T'Wolves will be in Washington on Sunday to play the Wizards for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 7 - 9 ) have gotten off to a historically bad start offensively this season , but they were able to pull out a win here , thanks to some elite defense . Six players scored in double figures for Portland , with Andrew Wiggins leading the team with 23 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , accumulating 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 8 shooting . Damian Lillard was second on the team , with 16 points and five assists . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 8 shooting . The Trail Blazers will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Washington Wizards .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 100 - 87 , at Target Center on Sunday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , offense was on display in this lopsided game . The Grizzlies ended up shooting 43 percent from the field , while Minnesota shot just 39 percent from the field . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Minnesota , while committing three less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 10 - 5 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Timberwolves is just what they need to get going . Derrick Rose did all he could for Minnesota , as he led the team with 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . Mike Conley was second on the team , providing 18 points and eight assists . Karl-Anthony Towns totaled 15 points and 20 rebounds en route to a double - double . Shelvin Mack came off the bench to provide 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . Memphis will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks . The Timberwolves ( 7 - 10 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Derrick Rose led Minnesota , as he accrued 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . Robert Covington finished second on the team , totaling 15 points , two rebounds , two assists and four steals . Jaren on deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the winners , as he poured in 22 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and three blocks , in 42 minutes . Jamal Murray came up big off the bench , with 18 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , including 4 - of - 8 from long range . Jeff Teague only finished with seven points , eight assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 28 minutes . Meanwhile , Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the Timberwolves with 22 points and seven rebounds , in 28 minutes . Derrick Rose followed up with 20 points , while the only other player to score in double digits for Minnesota was Robert Covington , who finished with 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , including 4 - of - 9 from long range . The only other player to score in double figures for Minnesota was Dario Saric , who chipped in 17 points , to go along with four rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 38 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , the Timberwolves shot 44 percent from the field and only 9 - of - 32 from long range . They now look ahead to their next contest , which takes place in Brooklyn on Friday , when they take on the Nets in Brooklyn . Meanwhile , the Timberwolves ( 7 - 11 ) have now lost three of their last five and will look to turn it around as they visit Brooklyn on Friday .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 28 points , on 9 - of - 17 shooting , including 0 - of - 3 from long distance , along with eight rebounds and four assists , in 37 minutes . Jabari Parker was solid with 27 points on 11 - of - 13 shooting , including 3 - of - 5 from long range , along with seven rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Justin Holiday was solid in 24 minutes off the bench , with 19 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , including 1 - of - 13 from long range , along with five rebounds and two assists . Andrew Wiggins struggled shooting , going 0 - of - 12 from the field on his way to 18 points . Meanwhile , Zach LaVine was the high - point man for the Bulls , with 28 , to go along with four assists , eight rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with a double - double consisting of 35 points and 20 rebounds , while the only other player to score in double figures for Chicago was Wendell Jeff Teague , who finished with 18 points , five assists and four rebounds . As a team the Bulls shot a poor 40 percent from the field . Next , the Bulls will visit San Antonio for a game on Monday . The Timberwolves will have a back - to - back and will be in the second of a back - to - back , as they play host to the Spurs on Monday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 128 - 89 , at Target Center on Wednesday . In a game that was expected to be close , the Timberwolves were able to escape with a huge road win . The biggest discrepancy in the game were the free - throw shooting , as the Timberwolves went just 13 - of - 15 from the charity stripe , while San Antonio went just 13 - of - 13 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Timberwolves recording 33 assists to just eight turnovers , while the Spurs committed 18 turnovers to just 23 assists . The Spurs ( 11 - 11 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Robert Covington led the way , as he tallied 21 points , nine rebounds , one assist and two blocks . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with 16 points , 11 rebounds , five assists and two steals . Derrick Rose finished with 16 points , two rebounds and two assists . LaMarcus Aldridge accumulated 10 points , nine rebounds and two steals . Taj Gibson came off the bench to provide 13 points and eight rebounds . On deck for the Spurs is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Friday . The Timberwolves ( 11 - 11 ) have been playing better than their record would indicate , so a win here was just what the doctor ordered . Robert Covington led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , nine rebounds and two blocks on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Derrick Rose was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points and two assists on 6 - of - 8 shooting . Karl-Anthony Towns was the only other Spur in double figures , as he totaled 16 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Quincy Pondexter and Josh Okogie scored 13 points a piece off the bench . On deck for the Spurs is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 118 - 109 , at Target Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 9 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 19 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Boston recording 30 assists to 14 turnovers , while Minnesota committed 16 turnovers to just 19 assists . The Celtics shot 47 percent from the field and assisted on 30 of their 40 made baskets . The Celtics ( 13 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Gordon Hayward continued his barrage , as he led the team with 30 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Kyrie Irving finished with 21 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Al Horford accumulated 15 points , three rebounds and two assists . Al Horford amassed 15 points , three rebounds and two assists . Jayson on deck for Minnesota is a road matchup with the New York Knicks on Thursday . The Timberwolves ( 11 - 12 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Karl-Anthony Towns did all he could for Minnesota , as he led the team with 20 points and Karl-Anthony Towns accrued 20 points , nine rebounds and a block .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Houston Rockets , 103 - 91 , at Target Center on Monday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and four lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 31 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference for Minnesota , as they went 11 - of - 22 from long range , while the Rockets went 11 - of - 39 . The Timberwolves also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 11 more assists than Houston , while committing three less turnovers . The Timberwolves ( 12 - 12 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Rockets is just what they need to get going . James Harden was once again the catalyst , as he tallied 29 points , four rebounds , eight assists and two steals on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Andrew Wiggins was second on the team , with his 16 points , four rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Jeff Teague was the only other Houston player in double figures , accumulating 14 points , five rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Houston is a road matchup against the Utah Jazz on Thursday . The Timberwolves ( 12 - 12 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . James Harden once again carried the load , as he tallied 29 points , four rebounds , eight assists and two steals on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Andrew Wiggins was second on the team , with his 16 points , four rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Jeff Teague was the only other Houston player in double figures , accumulating 14 points , five rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Houston is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 121 - 104 , at Target Center on Wednesday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 67 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference for Minnesota , as they went 12 - of - 24 from long range , while Charlotte went just 12 - of - 33 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Timberwolves recording 34 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Hornets committed 10 turnovers to 27 assists . Jeremy Lamb was the player of the game , as he led the Hornets with 18 points and 11 rebounds on 6 - of - 18 shooting . Nicolas Batum was second on the team , with his 18 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Taj Gibson recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 10 rebounds . Kemba Walker made his return from a knee injury to accrue 15 points , two rebounds and five assists . Jeremy Lamb led the way for Charlotte , as he provided 18 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Jeff Teague scored just three points , but dished out a career - high 18 assists in the win . On deck for the Timberwolves is a road matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday . The Hornets ( 11 - 13 ) had to play this game without Luol Deng , but their simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Timberwolves team . Karl-Anthony Towns was the player of the game , as he collected 35 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , two steals and six blocks . Nicolas Batum finished second on the team , totaling 18 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Taj Gibson came off the bench to provide 11 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for the Hornets is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Sacramento Kings 132 - 105 Monday at Target Center . The Kings ( 16 - 16 ) managed to keep pace with the East-leading Timberwolves ( 14 - 16 ) for a majority of Monday 's contest , but it was once again their second - highest point total of the season . The Timberwolves ( 16 - 14 ) shot 50 percent from the field and held the Kings to just 42 percent shooting from the field and 37 percent from behind the arc . The shooting was the big difference in this game , as the Timberwolves shot 50 percent from the field and the Kings shot just 42 percent . Sacramento also took care of the rebounding differential , winning that battle , 38 - 20 . The Kings ( 16 - 14 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to struggle . Buddy Hield led the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 14 rebounds in just 21 minutes of action . Yogi Ferrell also played well , accumulating 16 points , three rebounds and three assists . Sacramento will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 16 - 14 ) have been one of the hottest teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Andrew Wiggins led the way for Sacramento , as he tallied 17 points , five rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 10 from the field . Yogi Ferrell was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points , three rebounds and three assists . Robert Covington led the starters with 13 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 129 - 123 , at Target Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Pistons going 20 - of - 48 from long distance , while the Timberwolves went just 9 - of - 33 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Pistons recording 26 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Timberwolves committed 7 turnovers to 22 assists . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , collecting 34 points , eight rebounds and four assists on 14 - of - 22 from the field . Reggie Jackson was second on the team , finishing with 33 points , three rebounds and six assists . Andre Drummond recorded another double - double , totaling 16 points and 16 rebounds . Dario Saric provided 15 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals of his own off the bench as well . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday . The Timberwolves ( 14 - 17 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to struggle . Derrick Rose did all he could for Minnesota , as he led the team with 33 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Reggie Bullock was huge off the bench , providing 24 points , six rebounds and six assists . Andre Drummond recorded a 16 - point , 16 - rebound double - double . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday .
Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the winners , as he poured in 31 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with 19 rebounds , three blocks , five assists and one steal , in 42 minutes . Derrick Rose followed up with 25 points on 10 - of - 24 shooting , along with nine assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 38 minutes . Dewayne Dedmon chipped in 19 points and 13 rebounds , while Dewayne Dedmon came up huge in yet another start , as he fills in for the injured Pau Deng . Dedmon tallied 19 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , including 4 - of - 6 from long range , along with 13 rebounds and one steal . Andrew Wiggins struggled shooting , going 5 - of - 14 from the field , including 1 - of - 3 from long range , on his way to 16 points . The only other player to score in double digits for the Timberwolves was Andrew Wiggins , who finished with 16 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 40 minutes . The T-Wolves shot 45 percent from the field and struggled from long range , where they hit only 11 - of - 38 . The Hawks will have a couple days rest before they are back in action on Saturday . The Hawks will be in Miami on Saturday for the second half of a back - to - back . Meanwhile , the Timberwolves will look to get back on track as they play host to the Heat on Sunday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Orlando Magic , 120 - 103 , at Target Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were eight ties and 9 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 10 points . The key for Minnesota was the assist - to - turnover ratio , as they recorded 11 more assists ( 29 - 28 ) than the Magic , while committing six less turnover ( 11 - 11 ) . The Magic ( 17 - 21 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load for the Wolves , as he tallied 29 points , 15 rebounds and two assists . Evan Fournier was second on the team , finishing with 21 points , two rebounds and four assists . Taj Gibson also recorded a double - double , amassing 14 points and 10 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 13 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting . Minnesota will host the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 18 - 21 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Verizon Center . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , dropping 22 points to go along with his seven boards . Evan Fournier was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points and four assists . Taj Gibson recorded a double - double , amassing 14 points and 10 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 13 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting . Orlando will host the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday for their next game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 108 - 86 , at Target Center on Sunday . This game meant much more to the T'Wolves than the Lakers and they showed that in this scoreline . The middle quarters is when they took control , as they outscored Los Angeles , 59 - 46 , in the second and third quarters . In addition , the Timberwolves held a lead of nine points or more for the final 21 minutes . The key for Minnesota was the three - point shooting , as they went 11 - of - 32 , while Los Angeles hit just 5 - of - 22 from long distance . Karl-Anthony Towns led Minnesota with 28 points , 18 rebounds and three blocks . Jeff Teague accrued 15 points , six rebounds and 11 assists . Brandon Ingram was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 13 points , five rebounds and two steals . Karl-Anthony Towns was a beast in the loss , as he led the team with 28 points and 18 rebounds on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Jeff Teague was n't far behind , finishing with 15 points , six rebounds and 11 assists . Taj Gibson went just 6 - of - 8 from the field , but still finished with 12 points and 11 rebounds . Taj Gibson also came off the bench to provide 12 points and 11 rebounds . On deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Monday . The Timberwolves ( 19 - 21 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 23 games at home . Lance Stephenson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 14 points , five rebounds and six assists on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Andrew Wiggins was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 28 points , five rebounds and two assists . Taj Gibson recorded a double - double , amassing 12 points and 11 rebounds . Michael Beasley was the only bench player in double figures , as he accrued 11 points , five rebounds and two steals . The Timberwolves will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 20 - 22 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 20 - 22 ) 119 - 115 on Friday . The outcome of the game was seemingly never in question , with Dallas jumping out to a 28 - 26 lead after one quarter and never looking back . The Mavs enjoyed a stellar shooting night overall , limiting Minnesota to respective 46 percent and 44 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . The Timberwolves were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who tallied 30 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and four blocks in just 30 minutes . Harrison Barnes was right behind him with a 23 - point effort that also included a pair of rebounds and a steal . Andrew Wiggins was right behind him with a 17 - point effort that also included three rebounds , three assists , a steal and two blocks . Taj Gibson was next behind him with a 10 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . Josh Okogie tallied 15 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal , while Jeff Teague rounded out a productive night for the starting five with 12 points , six assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Golden State Pelicans on Sunday . Minnesota was led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who posted a game - high 30 points , along with 11 rebounds , two assists and four blocks . Rose followed with a 21 - point , five - rebound , five - assist effort that also included a steal and a block . Andrew Wiggins was right behind him with 17 points , six rebounds , three assists , a steal and two blocks . Dwight Powell was productive off the bench as well , amassing 15 points and three rebounds . Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 're home again on Saturday night to face off with the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 110 - 106 , at Target Center on Saturday . In a game that meant very little for both teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . Jrue Holiday was the hero , as he hit two clutch free - throws with less than a second left to seal the win . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor for the Timberwolves , as they went 19 - of - 24 , while New Orleans went just 21 - of - 24 . Minnesota also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 50 - 48 . The Pelicans ( 20 - 23 ) had to play this game without Jerryd Bayless , but they did n't miss a beat . Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load for New York , as he tallied 27 points , 14 rebounds , three assists and four blocks . Jrue Holiday was n't far behind , finishing with 25 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Julius Randle recorded a double - double , totaling 22 points and 11 rebounds . Dario Saric was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 14 points and four rebounds . The Pelicans return to action on Monday , when they host the Los Angeles Clippers for their next game . The Pelicans ( 20 - 22 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 8 tries . Karl-Anthony Towns was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , 21 rebounds , three assists and four blocks . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 25 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Julius Randle totaled 22 points and 11 rebounds .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 27 - 20 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 21 - 24 ) 116 - 113 on Friday . The entertaining back - and - forth affair featured strong ball security from both clubs , as well as stellar offensive performances on both ends of the floor . The Spurs shot a stellar 50 percent from the field and 46 percent from three - point range , and also committed 11 turnovers . Derrick Rose paced the visitors with 23 points , six assists and three rebounds over 26 minutes . Gay was right behind him with 22 points , four rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . The bench was led by a pair of 15 - point efforts from Belinelli and Marco Belinelli , with the former adding three assists , five rebounds and two steals , and the latter hauling in six boards . Marco Belinelli paced the reserves with 19 points , five assists , five rebounds and two steals . The Spurs are currently in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to San Antonio to take on the Clippers on Sunday . Minnesota was led by Derrick Rose 's 23 points , which he supplemented with six assists and three rebounds . Taj Gibson was next in line with a 14 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a pair of blocks . Jeff Teague was close behind with 15 points , six assists , two rebounds and a steal . Marco Belinelli led the reserves with 19 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals . The Spurs remain atop the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home again on Sunday to face off against the Phoenix Suns .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Phoenix Suns , 116 - 114 , at Target Center on Sunday . Despite there being just four ties and six lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 10 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Timberwolves going 6 - of - 24 and the Suns hitting 12 - of - 39 . Phoenix also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 45 - 38 . Phoenix also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 47 - 32 . The Suns ( 11 - 37 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Phoenix just adds to their impressive resume ' . T.J. Warren led the team in scoring , as he tallied 21 points , four rebounds and two steals on 7 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Karl-Anthony Towns led the starters in scoring , totaling 30 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Dragan Bender was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 12 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 18 points and Kelly Oubre Jr. came off the bench to provide 18 points and eight rebounds . On deck for Phoenix is a home matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday . The Timberwolves ( 22 - 37 ) have been struggling mightily , but this overtime win may give them some momentum for the final few weeks . Karl-Anthony Towns did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 30 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Devin Booker finished with 18 points , six rebounds and six assists . Dragan Bender had one of his best games of the season , producing a career - high 12 points and 10 rebounds in 23 minutes off the bench .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 125 - 111 Sunday at Target Center . The Jazz ( 29 - 22 ) came into Sunday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Williams ( calf ) . Despite out - scoring the Blazers ( 24 - 26 ) on the second night of a back - to - back , they shot 48 percent from long range en route to the win . Andrew Wiggins led the way for Utah with a game - high 35 points on 13 - of - 23 shooting from the field and 3 - of - 8 shooting from behind the arc . As a team , the game was lost for Utah at the foul line , where they hit just 72 - of - 25 from the charity stripe . Andrew Wiggins was the only other Minnesota starter to score in double figures , finishing with 11 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting in 26 minutes . The win pushes Utah to just a half game behind the Trail Blazers for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference , but they still hold a two - game lead over the Oklahoma City Thunder for the eighth and final playoff spot . Karl-Anthony Towns led the way with a team - high 22 points and six rebounds , while Ricky Rubio added 18 points . The only other Timberwolves player to score in double figures was Jerryd Bayless , who scored 19 points in 25 minutes off the bench .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Memphis Grizzlies 99 - 97 Wednesday at Target Center . The final score of Wednesday 's contest suggests the game was a lot closer than it actually was , as while the team entered halftime tied up at 50 points each , the Timberwolves ( 25 - 26 ) put it on the Grizzlies ( 25 - 32 ) for their first victory of the season . Mike Conley led the way for Minnesota , scoring a game - high 26 points and dishing out eight assists in 41 minutes . Marc Gasol added 19 points , seven rebounds and four assists , and the rest of the Timberwolves combined to score just 23 points , with the other two starters combining to score just 22 total points . Up next , the Timberwolves will remain home Saturday to take on the Nuggets , while the Grizzlies will head home Friday to play the Hornets . The Grizzlies just could n't get it done offensively , shooting just 41 percent from the field and 26 percent from behind the arc . As a team , they shot just 41 percent from the field , 26 percent from behind the arc and just 86 percent from the free throw line . Mike Conley was the team 's leading scorer with 26 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , with eight assists , five rebounds and two steals as well . The only other Grizzlies player to score in double figures was Andrew Wiggins , who scored 12 points in 41 minutes . Up next , the Timberwolves will travel to Denver Saturday to take on the Nuggets , while the Grizzlies head home Saturday to play the Hornets .
The Denver Nuggets ( 37 - 15 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 27 ) 107 - 106 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Nuggets put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Nuggets held the Timberwolves to 47 percent shooting and forced them to commit 8 turnovers . The Nuggets were lights - out shooting , as they went 47 percent from the field , 69 percent from the free - throw line and 39 percent from three - point range . The offense was spectacular for Denver , as they shot 47 percent from the field and 71 percent from the free - throw line . The Nuggets bench was huge as well , as they outscored the Timberwolves bench 52 - 37 . The Timberwolves played this game without Jeff Teague , Jeff Teague and Jeff Teague , but they did n't miss a beat . Malik Beasley stepped up in his absence though , as he scored a career - high 22 points to go along with two rebounds and two steals . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , as he scored 10 points to go along with four rebounds and five assists . Minnesota will look to bounce back on Monday against the Memphis Grizzlies in their next game . Minneapolis has been blitzing teams at home all season and they did just that on Saturday . The team was led by guard Malik Beasley , who tallied 22 points and two rebounds off the bench . They also got to the free - throw line 2 times , but went just 5 - for - 16 in the loss . The Wolves will look to keep this momentum going against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 130 - 120 , at Target Center on Monday . Late in the contest , with 17.0 seconds left , the Timberwolves ( 26 - 30 ) held an eight - point lead and were seemingly well on their way to their 11th straight victory . For Los Angeles , it was Louis Williams who led the way for the Clippers , posting a game - high 45 points on 13 - of - 25 shooting in 33 minutes . Harrell 's next game was Lou Williams , who came off the bench for 45 points on an efficient 13 - of - 25 shooting from the field , including 3 - of - 8 from three - point range . Derrick Rose , meanwhile , scored 22 points and dished out a team - high 10 assists . Rookie Dario Saric scored 19 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting to go along with two assists and four rebounds , while Montrezl Harrell put up an impressive line of 18 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting and 12 rebounds in 34 minutes off the bench . As a team , it was a very strong shooting night for Minnesota , as they shot 52 percent from the field overall and 33 percent from behind the arc . As for the Clippers , they did not have the same success from the field , as they shot just 51 percent from the field and 41 percent from behind the arc . Karl-Anthony Towns was a bright spot for the Timberwolves , scoring 24 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 10 - 12 FT ) and 10 rebounds in 27 minutes . Dario Saric was also huge , scoring 19 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and grabbing eight rebounds in 33 minutes . Dario Saric was also huge , scoring 19 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and grabbing eight rebounds in 33 minutes . Dario Saric was also huge in the win , scoring 19 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , along with eight rebounds , two assists and two steals , while Danilo Gallinari posted 12 points ( 2 - 10 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and five rebounds of his own . The Timberwolves ' next game will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Houston Rockets 121 - 111 at Target Center on Wednesday . The Lakes ( 24 - 30 ) held on for victory over the Rockets ( 33 - 24 ) . James Harden led the way for Minnesota with 42 points , five rebounds and six assists . His partner in crime , Eric Gordon , scored a team - high 13 points on 11 - of - 13 shooting in a team - high 50 minutes . Journeyman Josh Okogie added 16 points , three rebounds and four assists in 35 minutes off the bench , while Dario Saric scored 15 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting in 24 minutes off the bench . Both teams shot very well , with Minnesota hitting 54 percent of their shots from the field and 50 percent from three - point range . Jeff Teague led the way with 27 points and 12 assists , while Chris Paul added 16 points , eight assists and five rebounds off the bench . Karl-Anthony Towns led the Timberwolves with 25 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting to go with nine rebounds and five assists . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double with 12 points and 11 rebounds , while Dario Saric finished with 15 points , eight rebounds and one assist in 24 minutes off the bench . Gerald Green and Gerald Green finished in double figures off the bench , with 13 and 13 points , respectively . The Rockets will look to bounce back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 63 ) on Thursday , February 22 .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Sacramento Kings 112 - 105 Monday at Target Center . The Timberwolves ( 31 - 31 ) did n't waste any time opening up Monday 's contest , as they ended the first quarter with an 18 - point lead and never let the Kings ( 31 - 29 ) within one possession , as their smallest lead from that point was five points . Karl-Anthony Towns ended up leading the way for the Timberwolves ( 29 - 31 ) with a game - high 34 points on 13 - of - 18 shooting , while Karl-Anthony Towns had a double - double of his own , scoring 34 points and grabbing 21 rebounds of his own . Together , the duo shot 51 percent from the field and an impressive 20 - of - 30 ( 90 percent ) from the free throw line . As a team , the Timberwolves shot 51 percent from the field overall and an impressive 26 - of - 31 ( 26 percent ) from behind the arc . As for the Kings ( 31 - 29 ) , they 've now dropped two straight games after rattling off three straight victories , as the absence of Nikola Jokic ( hip ) has really taken a tole on this team . His replacement , Taj Gibson , scored just eight points , grabbed seven rebounds , and recorded one assist in 17 minutes . The Kings ' next game is on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday , while Sacramento will travel to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 30 - 34 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 39 - 25 ) 131 - 120 on Tuesday . The New Year 's Eve showdown between the two Central Division rivals was atypical in a number of ways . To begin with , one of the rarest sights in the NBA this season , a Thunder road victory , came to pass , and against a quality opponent to boot . The Thunder had entered Tuesday 's contest sporting an impressive 6 - 5 home record and playing quality basketball overall . The dynamic duo of Derrick Rose and Jeff Teague led the way for the Timberwolves with matching 19 - point tallies , with the former adding 12 assists , five rebounds and a steal , and the latter hauling in five boards and dishing out a pair of assists . Steven Adams was a distant second on the Thunder ' starters with a 13 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , a steal and three blocks . Dario Saric paced the Minnesota bench with 14 points , seven rebounds and a pair of assists . The Timberwolves fell to 39 - 25 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Trail Blazers on Thursday . Russell Westbrook led the way for the Thunder with a 38 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and a steal . Derrick Rose was right behind him with a 19 - point , 12 - assist double - double that also featured five rebounds , a steal and a block . Dennis Schroder registered 14 points , five assists and four rebounds . Oklahoma City remains atop the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home again Wednesday for a date with the Detroit Pistons .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 31 - 35 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 27 - 39 ) 135 - 130 on Saturday . In a game between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Minnesota shot 45 percent from the field , while Washington shot just 48 percent . The free - throw shooting was huge for Minnesota , as they went 21 - for - 24 while the Wizards went just 18 - for - 24 . Washington did dominate down low though , as they scored a season - high 70 points in the paint , while outrebounding the Timberwolves 50 to 55 . This game was close throughout , as no team led by more than 12 points . Minnesota was led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who tallied 40 points , 15 rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks while shooting 15 - for - 24 from the field . Derrick Rose also played well , as he accumulated 29 points , three rebounds and three assists . Taj Gibson also had one of his best games of the season , as he amassed 15 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for the Timberwolves is a matchup with the Sacramento Kings on Monday . Washington is now 2 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . Karl-Anthony Towns did all he could to keep the Wizards hanging around , as he tallied 40 points , 15 rebounds and two blocks in the defeat . Washington will have a few days off until they play the Sacramento Kings on Sunday in their next game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the New York Knicks , 103 - 92 , at Target Center on Sunday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and four lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 40 minutes . Three-point shooting was the decisive statistic , with the Timberwolves going 9 - of - 30 , while the Knicks hit just 10 - of - 25 . Minnesota dominated the rebounding though , winning that battle , 43 - 43 . The Knicks ( 32 - 35 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Taj Gibson got the start and led the team with 25 points , eight rebounds and two steals on 11 - of - 15 shooting . Jeff Teague accrued 20 points , three rebounds , 10 assists and two blocks . Kevin Knox was the only other player in double figures , as he accrued 13 points , five rebounds and four assists on 5 - of - 11 shooting . The Timberwolves will look to play better on Tuesday , when they host the Indiana Pacers . The Timberwolves ( 32 - 35 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Jeff Teague was the player of the game , as he accumulated 20 points , three rebounds and 10 assists . Jeff Teague accrued 20 points , three rebounds and 10 assists . Allonzo on deck for New York is a home matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves , 117 - 107 , at Target Center on Tuesday . This was a game full of swings , as the Warriors made a late run in the fourth quarter . In fact , the Warriors never trailed after that , as they outscored the Timberwolves , 26 - 32 , in the fourth quarter . Rebounding was the biggest factor for the Warriors , as they won that battle , 46 - 52 . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Timberwolves ( 32 - 39 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load for the Wolves , as he tallied 26 points , 21 rebounds and four assists . Klay Thompson finished second on the team with 28 points , three rebounds , four assists and one block . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating five points , 10 rebounds , nine assists , four steals and four blocks . Josh Okogie was a huge spark off the bench , providing 19 points , four rebounds , three steals and three steals . The Warriors ' next game is on Thursday against the Indiana Pacers . The Timberwolves ( 32 - 39 ) needed this win to keep their season alive and they pulled a message at the beginning of the season . Stephen Curry led the team with 36 points , adding three rebounds and five assists to his tally . Klay Thompson accrued 28 points , three rebounds and four assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , as he collected five points , 10 rebounds and nine assists .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 45 - 30 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 33 - 41 ) 122 - 111 on Tuesday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . The Clippers shot very well in this game , going 54 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 44 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Clippers were also able to force the Timberwolves into 33 turnovers , while committing only 18 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Clippers were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who went 6 - for - 17 from the field and 10 - for - 11 from the free throw line to score 24 points , while also grabbing 13 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 14 rebounds over those two outings . Andrew Wiggins was also a big factor in the victory . He went 9 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding three rebounds and two steals . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 35 points and 5 assists over his last four games . Dario Saric was also very efficient in the win , scoring 18 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 27 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 34 - 41 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 51 - 24 ) 131 - 130 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Minnesota shot 44 percent from the field , while Golden State shot just 47 percent . The rebounding was a huge difference , with the Timberwolves bringing down 59 boards to the Warriors 45 . The three - point shooting was a factor as well , with the Timberwolves going 14 - for - 38 from long distance , while the Warriors went just 18 - for - 40 . Golden State also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Warriors 45 . The Timberwolves also shot 44 percent from the field , while holding the Warriors to 47 percent . The rebounding was a huge difference as well , with Minnesota recording 25 assists to the Warriors 41 . Golden State has been throttling teams , but this was easily their worst offensive performance of the year . No player scored more than 24 points and no player scored more than 24 . Andrew Wiggins led the team in scoring with 24 points and also dished out three assists in the defeat . Josh Okogie was the only bright spot for Golden State , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and three steals . The T'Wolves will look to extend their winning streak to seven games against the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back set .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 118 - 109 , at Target Center on Saturday . In a game with major playoff implications , both these teams left it all on the floor . Despite there being just five ties and five lead changes in total , the game was within a six - point margin for the final 50 minutes . Three-point shooting was the decisive statistic , with the Sixers going 15 - of - 31 , while Minnesota went 11 - of - 26 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Philly recording five more assists than the T'Wolves , while committing nine less turnovers . The Sixers ( 49 - 27 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load for the Wolves , as he tallied 21 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Ben Simmons was second on the team , dropping 20 points and handing out nine assists . Gorgui Dieng finished with 13 points and three rebounds . Philadelphia will host the Dallas Mavericks on Monday for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 34 - 42 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Andrew Wiggins led the way for Minnesota , as he tallied 24 points , six rebounds and five assists . Ben Simmons started for DeRozan and finished with 20 points , 11 rebounds and two steals . Jonah on deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 49 - 28 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 34 - 43 ) 132 - 122 on Monday . It 's bizarre to see a team well under .500 favored by double - digits over a team well above .500 , but circumstances made that the case in this matchup . Minnesota is one of the worst road teams in the NBA , but they choked away a big lead here . The defense was the key for the Trail Blazers , as they shot 55 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 50 made baskets . The Trail Blazers were unconscious from long distance , as they went 15 - for - 30 from three - point range . The Trail Blazers also shot 55 percent from the field , while holding the Timberwolves to 49 percent shooting . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as Portland recorded 31 assists to the Timberwolves 29 . Amazingly , the Timberwolves got out to a 23 - 23 lead after the first quarter and never looked back after that . The Wolves were led by Andrew Wiggins , who tallied 21 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the win . Enes Kanter also had a nice game off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 20 - point , 11 - rebound performance . On deck for the Blazers is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday . The Timberwolves have been struggling mightily all season , but this was a great all - around performance . All five starters scored in double - figures , with Andrew Wiggins leading the team with 21 points . Enes Kanter had a nice game off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 20 - point , 3 - rebound performance . On deck for Minnesota is a matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 36 - 43 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 38 - 41 ) 111 - 109 on Friday . Minnesota came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The biggest difference in the game was the free - throw shooting , as the Timberwolves went just 9 - for - 12 while Miami went 9 - for - 21 while the Heat went just 10 - for - 12 . Miami also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 43 boards to Miami 's 38 . The Timberwolves also took advantage of the whistle , going 17 - for - 21 from the free - throw line . The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Heat recorded 24 assists to 17 turnovers , while the Heat committed 17 turnovers to the Heat 's 17 . The Heat had one of their best offensive performances of the season , but they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out a big road win . Gorgui Dieng was the star , as he scored a team - high 19 points off the bench . Dario Saric was the only other starter with more than 12 points , as he amassed 19 points , seven rebounds and five assists in the loss . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double , as he totaled 13 points , 12 rebounds and four assists in the win . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 47 - 33 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 36 - 44 ) 132 - 126 in an overtime thriller on Sunday . This game was much closer than most people would have anticipated , as the Thunder had their worst shooting game of the season . The free - throw shooting was key for Oklahoma City , as they went 22 - for - 26 , while the Timberwolves went just 24 - for - 29 . Minnesota also dominated down low , as they won the rebounding battle 46 - 32 and outscored the Timberwolves in the paint , 29 - 5 . The Timberwolves actually dominated the rebounding , as they outscored the Timberwolves 52 - 32 in the paint . The Timberwolves came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . They were led by Karl-Anthony Towns , who tallied 35 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks in the win . Andrew Wiggins also had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 24 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals in the victory . The Thunder will look to keep this momentum going against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Minnesota , but it was n't for a lack of effort . They were led by Paul George , who tallied 27 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the loss . They also got a nice performance from Tyus Jones , who contributed 10 points and five rebounds off the bench . Up next for Minnesota is a matchup with the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 120 - 100 , at Target Center on Tuesday . In a game that meant very little for both teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . Andrew Wiggins was the hero , as he hit a game - winning jumper with nine seconds left to send the game into overtime . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Raptors , as they led for the final 42 minutes . Defense was key , as they held Minnesota to 42 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Minnesota , while committing three less turnovers . The Raptors ( 58 - 45 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to struggle . Andrew Wiggins led the team in scoring with 16 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting , as he went 7 - of - 17 from the field . Gorgui Dieng went just 5 - of - 9 from the field , but finished with 16 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and two rebounds . Norman Powell and Pascal Siakam were the only other Raptors players in double figures , as they scored 11 points a piece . Andrew Wiggins led the team in scoring , dropping 16 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Minnesota will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets . The Raptors ( 58 - 24 ) have now won six of their last seven , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he accumulated 16 points , three rebounds and three assists . Gorgui Dieng finished second on the team , amassing 16 points , two rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Chris Boucher amassed 15 points , 13 rebounds and two assists . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 0 - 1 ) 128 - 119 on Thursday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 34 - 31 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Trail Blazers finished the game shooting 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 48 percent from the floor and 23 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Josh Hart . Lillard went 9 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding four assists and a game - high of 8 steals . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 29 assists over his last two games . He 's now averaging 24 points and 8 rebounds on the season . McCollum , on the other hand , finished with 21 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) of his own , to go along with five rebounds and two steals in 31 minutes . He 's picked it up offensively of late , averaging 26 points over his last five games , as he 's been on fire of late . Josh Hart was the other big contributor off the bench , as he went 8 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding four rebounds and two blocked shots . The only other Laker in double figures was CJ McCollum , who scored 21 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) in 31 minutes off the bench . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday , while the Lakers will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Saturday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 121 - 108 , at Moda Center on Saturday . The Trail Blazers came into this game as a heavy favorite , but it took a late run to pull out the close win . The key for Portland was the rebounding , as they won that battle , 46 - 40 . The Blazers were lights - out from the field , shooting 54 percent from the field , 47 percent from three - point range and 79 percent from the free - throw line . The Trail Blazers also dominated the rebounding differential , winning that battle , 46 - 40 . The Spurs ( 1 - 1 ) continue to blitz opponents with their up - tempo offense , and the Spurs simply did n't have enough ammunition to win this road game . DeMar DeRozan carried the load , as he led the team with 28 points , adding three rebounds and nine assists in the win . Bryn Forbes was second on the team , as he totaled 17 points and two rebounds on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Pau Gasol went just 4 - of - 5 from the field to collect 10 points , four rebounds and two steals . Al-Farouq Aminu was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points and six rebounds . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Washington Wizards on Monday . Portland ( 1 - 1 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Blazers team . DeMar DeRozan was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , three rebounds and nine assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 24 points , two rebounds and two assists . Jusuf Nurkic amassed 12 points , eight rebounds , two assists and three steals . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup with the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 125 - 124 , at Moda Center on Monday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Washington offense was lights - out , as they shot 42 percent from the field , 69 percent from the free - throw line and 41 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with the Wizards outscoring the Blazers , 34 - 30 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Wizards recording 23 assists to 19 turnovers , while the Blazers committed 19 turnovers to just 22 assists . Three-point shooting was a huge factor as well , with Portland hitting 15 - of - 37 from long distance , while Portland went 11 - of - 39 . The Blazers ( 2 - 2 ) are coming off their worst loss of the season , so a comeback win is just what the doctor ordered . Markieff Morris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 28 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 22 points and 18 rebounds on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double in the win , totaling 16 points , 18 rebounds and two steals . John Wall went just 5 - of - 19 from the field , but still finished with 16 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 16 points and 15 rebounds on 6 - of - 8 shooting . On deck for the Blazers is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday . Portland ( 1 - 2 ) had a tough task here without Thomas and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Damian Lillard did all he could for Portland , as he led the team with 29 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , totaling 25 points and eight assists . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 16 points and 15 rebounds . On deck for the Blazers is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Thursday .
Julius Randle led the way for the Pelicans with 29 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , along with six rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 25 minutes . Jusuf Nurkic added 18 points , nine rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes . Evan Turner chipped in 14 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting , along with eight rebounds , and seven assists , in 15 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , six players scored in double figures for the Pelicans , led by Damian Lillard , who finished with 26 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , including four - of - 8 from the foul line . E'Twaun Moore followed up with 19 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench , while Jrue Holiday chipped in 17 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 35 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for New Orleans was Nik Stauskas , who added 10 points . The Pelicans shot 43 percent from the field and only 8 - of - 29 from long range . They now look ahead to their next contest , which takes place in San Antonio on Saturday . The Pelicans will be in San Antonio on Saturday for the second of a back - to - back , while they will look to turn it around in the second half of a back - to - back when they play host to the Spurs on Saturday , in what will be the second of a three - game road trip .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 114 - 110 , at Moda Center on Saturday . The Lakers ( 4 - 5 ) checked in to the contest short - handed , as both Rudy Gay ( hip ) and Michael Beasley ( hamstring ) were both out of commission . Lillard led the way for the second unit with a season - high 30 points , which he complemented with four assists , four rebounds and three steals . Rajon Rondo was right behind him with a 17 - point , six - assist effort that also included three rebounds , three steals and a block . JaVale McGee was highly efficient with 12 points , nine rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Al-Farouq Aminu went for a near double - double off the bench with four points , 13 rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Damian Lillard 's 30 points led the Blazers , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and three steals . C.J . McCollum was next with 30 points , four assists and five rebounds . Jusuf Nurkic contributed 12 points and six boards . Evan Turner was productive in a reserve role as well , compiling 11 points , three rebounds and three assists . Evan Turner paced the bench with 11 points , three rebounds and three assists . Damian Lillard 's game - high 30 points paced Portland . CJ McCollum followed with 30 points and four assists . Jusuf Nurkic contributed 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and a pair of blocks . Evan Turner supplied 11 points , three rebounds and three assists . Evan Turner led the bench with 11 points , three rebounds and three assists . Al-Farouq Aminu was productive in a reserve role as well , tallying four points , 13 rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . The Trail Blazers remain on the road and head to Los Angeles to face the Timberwolves on Sunday night , while the Lakers remain home to face off with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday afternoon .
Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the winners , as he poured in 23 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , to go along with five rebounds and three assists , in 25 minutes off the bench . C.J . McCollum was the only other player to score in double digits for Portland , finishing with 17 points , on 7 - of - 14 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Four other players scored in double digits for Portland , including Meyers Leonard , who chipped in 15 points and 12 rebounds , in 21 minutes off the bench . Zach Collins was the high - point man for Portland , with 15 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting , in 18 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for the Timberwolves with 23 points and five rebounds , in 25 minutes . Andrew Wiggins followed up with 17 points , while Meyers Leonard chipped in 15 points and 12 rebounds . The only other player to score in double figures for Minnesota was Zach Collins , who chipped in 11 points on 3 - of - 7 shooting , including 1 - of - 4 from long range . Zach Collins , Portland was solid in the paint , as he finished with 11 points on 7 - of - 5 shooting , in 18 minutes off the bench , while Taj Gibson chipped in eight points on 3 - of - 10 shooting . The only other player to score more than five points for the Timberwolves was Zach Collins , who added 11 points .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 118 - 103 , at Moda Center on Tuesday . The Trail Blazers came into this game as a heavy favorite , but it took a late run to pull out the close win . In fact , Portland led by at least eight points for the entirety of the second half , as the final 22 - point margin was their largest lead of the game . Portland was lights out from the field , as they shot 53 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Trail Blazers also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing nine less turnovers . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Evan Turner was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , 11 rebounds and four assists . Jusuf Nurkic came off the bench to provide 12 points and nine rebounds . C.J . McCollum led Portland in scoring , as he provided 40 points , four rebounds and six assists on 17 - of - 26 shooting off the bench . Evan Turner recorded a double - double , tallying 16 points and 11 rebounds . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player in double figures , as he tallied 12 points , nine rebounds and six assists . The Trail Blazers will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Los Angeles Clippers . The Bucks ( 8 - 2 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and they nearly pulled out another upset here . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 40 points , four rebounds and six assists . Khris Middleton was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 22 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Jusuf Nurkic led the bench , accumulating 12 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Milwaukee will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The host Portland Trail Blazers took down the Clippers on Thursday , 116 - 50 . Portland ( 9 - 3 ) has now won four of its last five games after a horrendous start to the season that had seated them at last in the Western Conference . On Thursday , the team saw the return of star point guard Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum to carry the team to victory . Lillard scored a team - high 25 points and dished out four assists on the night . On the other side , Portland 's backcourt of C.J . McCollum and C.J . McCollum combined for 42 points on the night . Almost everything seemed to be going right for the Blazers , though a few key mistakes kept the game close until the final seconds . Both teams will be on the road on Sunday , as the Clippers will travel to Boston to take on the Clippers . The Blazers ( 35 - 35 ) have now lost three of their last four games as they continue to slide in the playoff picture . Damian Lillard led the team with 25 points on 11 - of - 25 shooting , while C.J . McCollum added 23 off the bench . C.J . McCollum added 23 points but shot just 8 - of - 20 on the night . The loss puts Gilgeous-Alexander a half - game behind the Los Angeles Clippers in the Western Conference playoff race , and the loss comes in the second half of a back - to - back . The Clippers will play the Bucks on Sunday , while the Blazers will take on the Celtics .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Boston Celtics , 100 - 94 , at Moda Center on Sunday . The Trail Blazers came into this game as a heavy favorite , but it took a late run to pull out the close win . The key for Portland was the rebounding , as they won that battle , 55 - 42 . The Trail Blazers also dominated the shooting , hitting 45 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The Celtics shot just 39 percent from the field and 33 percent from long distance . Portland somehow lost , despite being outrebounded , 42 - 55 . Portland ( 10 - 3 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Celtics is just what the doctor ordered . Damian Lillard did all he could for Boston , as he led the team with 19 points , five rebounds and three assists . Kyrie Irving was n't far behind , as he tallied 21 points , two rebounds , six assists and five steals . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 18 points and 17 rebounds . Marcus Morris accrued 13 points and six rebounds . Al-Farouq Aminu was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points and nine rebounds . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Celtics ( 7 - 6 ) have struggled all season and a meltdown like this to the best team in the league only adds to the troubles . Damian Lillard did all he could to keep the Blazers in this game , as he led the team with 19 points , five rebounds and three assists . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , accumulating 18 points , 17 rebounds and three assists . CJ McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 14 points off the bench . C.J . McCollum accumulated 14 points , two rebounds and an assist . Portland will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Chicago Bulls for their next game .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 104 - 100 , at Moda Center on Sunday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Clippers left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Los Angeles held a double - digit lead for the final 21 minutes . The second quarter is when they made their mark , outscoring Portland , 38 - 16 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with the Clippers recording 15 assists to just four turnovers , while the Blazers committed 12 turnovers to 18 assists . Tobias Harris led the Clippers in scoring , as he dropped 34 points and 11 rebounds on an impressive 14 - of - 22 shooting . Montrezl Harrell came off the bench to drop a career - high 14 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 14 points , 10 rebounds and two blocks . C.J . McCollum finished with 18 points , nine rebounds and two steals of his own . Montrezl Harrell got the start at center and dropped 14 points and 10 rebounds . Montrezl Harrell was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 14 points and 10 rebounds on 5 - of - 11 shooting . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday . The Clippers ( 13 - 6 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Damian Lillard did all he could to keep the Blazers in the game though , as he led the team with 30 points , six rebounds and four assists on 12 - of - 27 from the field . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , as he accrued 17 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Evan Turner was the only other Blazer in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . Los Angeles will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Phoenix Suns .
Nikola Vuvecic led the way for the Magic with 20 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , to go along with eight rebounds , two blocks and seven assists , in 28 minutes . Nik Stauskas followed up with 18 points , while Jusuf Nurkic added 16 points and 13 rebounds , in 33 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , six players scored in double figures for the Magic , led by Damian Lillard , who finished with 41 points on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Evan Fournier followed up with 17 points , while Jusuf Nurkic added 16 points , eight rebounds and five assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 15 points , on 6 - of - 17 shooting , in 34 minutes . The Cavs shot 52 percent from long range and 14 - of - 32 from the free throw line . Next , the Magic will visit the Suns on Friday , while the Magic will stay at home and play the second night of a back - to - back , when they play on Friday and will be in Denver to face the second half of a back - to - back , where they will look to turn things around in Denver on what will be the second game of a back - to - back , as they face the second of a back - to - back , home - and - home , home - on Denver for a team - high 20 - game on Friday . Portland will have a day off before hosting Phoenix on Friday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 113 - 112 , at Moda Center on Friday . The Nuggets were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Nuggets pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 47 minutes of this game . Free-throw shooting was decisive , with the Nuggets going 19 - of - 26 from the charity stripe , while the Blazers could only go 16 - of - 26 . Fastbreak points was also a glaring difference , with the Nuggets winning that battle , 160 . The Blazers ( 13 - 9 ) had to play this game without Damian Lillard ( knee ) and it 's clear so hard to overcome . Gary Harris led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , three rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Paul Millsap was n't far behind , as he tallied 22 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Nikola Jokic was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 15 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Al-Farouq Aminu was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points and seven rebounds . The Nuggets ( 13 - 9 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and wire - to - wire wins show just how well they 're playing right now . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 33 points on 14 - of - 21 from the field . Paul Millsap was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 22 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and four steals . Monte on deck for Portland is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Monday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 108 - 86 , at Moda Center on Thursday . In a battle between two struggling teams , the Blazers were able to prevail with a big road win . The second quarter is where they separated themselves , as they outscored the Suns , 28 - 32 . Shooting was the difference in the game , with Portland shooting 48 percent and Phoenix hitting just 38 percent of their shots . The Trail Blazers also dominated the shooting , hitting 48 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The Suns shot just 38 percent from the field and 19 percent from long distance . Portland somehow lost , despite being outrebounded , 41 - 56 . Damian Lillard was a lone bright spot for Phoenix , as he led the team with 25 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Josh Collins was second on the team , with his 10 points and five rebounds . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and eight rebounds . Portland 's next game is on Saturday , when they take on the Miami Heat at home . The Blazers ( 14 - 11 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Damian Lillard did all he could to keep the Suns hanging around , as he accumulated 25 points , five rebounds and eight assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Deandre Ayton was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and eight rebounds . The Trail Blazers will look to get out of this slide on Saturday against the Miami Heat .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 113 - 105 , at Moda Center on Saturday . The Trail Blazers came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but narrowly pulled out a win against the Timberwolves . The key for Portland was their defense , as they held Minnesota to 44 percent shooting and outrebounded them 53 - 40 . The Trail Blazers also dominated the shooting , hitting 47 percent of their shots , while holding Minnesota to just 44 percent on their end . The Timberwolves ( 13 - 13 ) have been struggling recently , but a road win against the Blazers is just what the doctor ordered . Damian Lillard was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points , eight rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum was n't far behind , totaling 19 points , five rebounds and four assists . Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , accumulating 22 points , 11 rebounds , four assists , three steals and four blocks . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , dropping 19 points , five rebounds and four assists on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Jeff Teague and Jeff Teague were the only other Minnesota players in double figures , scoring 18 a piece . On deck for the Timberwolves is a road matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Monday . Minnesota ( 15 - 11 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Andrew Wiggins led the way for Minnesota , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and two assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 19 points , five rebounds and four assists . Jusuf Nurkic totaled 22 points , 11 rebounds , four assists , three steals and four blocks . Al-Farouq Aminu was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and eight rebounds . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday .
The host Portland Trail Blazers defeated the visiting Toronto Raptors , 128 - 122 , in overtime on Friday . The dynamic backcourt duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum was vital to the Blazers ' ( 16 - 13 ) victory , as the guards each scored over 30 points on the night . Lillard led the team with 24 points , four assists , two rebounds , a steal and a block on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Veteran Damian Green , meanwhile , scored 28 points including three three - pointers and also came away with a team - high four steals . The team as a whole shot over 52 percent on the night and held a 38 - 37 advantage in the rebounding column . The Raptors ( 23 - 8 ) , on the other hand , struggled mightily from long range , hitting just 18 percent of their three - pointers . Toronto , meanwhile , saw a strong outing from star point guard Damian Lillard . Lillard shot 8 - of - 10 from the field en route to 24 points alongside four assists and two steals . The Raptors , meanwhile , saw strong play from their star players . Guard Damian Lillard led the team with 24 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting , including three three - pointers . He had six rebounds , four assists , and a block . Point guard Danny Green also contributed 19 points on the night , including five including five three - pointers . Big man Fred VanVleet also played for Toronto , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting .
Mike Conley led the way for the Grizzlies with 23 points on an efficient 7 - of - 19 shooting , including 5 - of - 10 from long range , to go along with four rebounds , six assists and one block , in 37 minutes . Marc Gasol also finished with 14 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , four steals and one block , in 36 minutes . Meyers Leonard chipped in 12 points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and one block in 30 minutes off the bench . Mike Conley was the high - point man for Portland , with 23 points , to go along with six assists and four rebounds , in 37 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Blazers was CJ McCollum , who finished with 11 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting . The Grizzlies shot 42 percent from the field and 33 percent from long range and gave up 21 turnovers in the game . The Trail Blazers shot 42 percent from the field , 42 percent from long range and committed 21 turnovers . Up next , the Trail Blazers the rest of the team for Memphis was lost by Damian Lillard , who finished with 24 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Mike Conley contributed 23 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 5 - 10 3PT , 4 - 5 FT ) , four assists , four rebounds and one block . Memphis heads east to Sacramento to take on the Kings on Friday night . The Trail Blazers return home to host the Jazz on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 120 - 90 , at Moda Center on Friday . The Jazz came into this game as a double - digit favorite , but walked away with a huge win . Ricky Rubio was the hero , as he hit two clutch free - throws with less than a second left to seal the win . The key for Utah was the shooting , as they shot 55 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Portland , while committing three less turnovers . The Jazz ( 16 - 17 ) have been playing much better on the offensive end recently and this performance only adds to those numbers . Ricky Korver was the player of the game , as he scored a career - high 24 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Kyle Korver was second on the team , scoring 18 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds . Joe Ingles was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 15 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Portland will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game . Utah ( 16 - 17 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Damian Lillard led the way for Utah , as he collected 19 points , four rebounds , two assists , three steals and two blocks . Kyle Korver was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , four rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Rudy Gobert recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds .
The host Portland Trail Blazers took down the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday , 121 - 118 . Portland ( 19 - 14 ) is one of the league 's hottest teams , having won 11 of its last 26 games . On Sunday , the Blazers looked as strong as ever , due in large part to the play of center DeAndre Jordan . Jordan had a double - double with 14 points and 10 rebounds , and point guard Harrison Barnes led the team with 27 points . Veteran big man DeAndre Jordan recorded a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . The team as a whole shot over 48 percent on the night and committed only nine turnovers . Dallas ( 15 - 17 ) has seen the opposite trajectory of the Mavs , going ice cold after a hot start to the season . On Sunday , the team saw a nightmare night from star point guard Damian Lillard . Lillard shot 11 - of - 24 from the field , including a dismal 2 - of - 7 from three - point range . Guard C.J . McCollum , meanwhile , scored a team - high 22 points to go along with five assists and five rebounds . The Blazers will play in Utah on Wednesday , while Portland will host the Pelicans on Tuesday . Dallas , meanwhile , will be visiting the equally - hot Pelicans in New Orleans , while the Mavericks will visit the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday in what could be a first - round preview . Dallas waits for Wednesday to play the Pelicans at home .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 115 - 105 at Moda Center on Saturday . The Warriors ( 24 - 13 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Kevin Durant led the way with a season - high 23 points , while Jusuf Nurkic added 21 points and 10 rebounds of his own off the bench . Stephen Curry led all scorers with 25 points , to go along with five rebounds and five assists on 14 - of - 23 shooting , including six three - pointers . Stephen Curry added 25 points , eight assists , five rebounds , two steals and two blocks to round out his stellar performance for the league . Jusuf Nurkic added 21 points , while C.J . McCollum added 14 points in 35 minutes . The Warriors were led by Damian Lillard , who finished with a game - high 40 points on 14 - of - 23 shooting , including a blazing 6 - of - 13 from long range . Five other players scored in double digits for the Warriors , including C.J . McCollum , who added 14 points . Kevon Looney started in place of the injured Zach Collins and finished with 12 points and five rebounds , in 25 minutes . The Trail Blazers will look to bounce back as they visit Philadelphia to take on the 76ers on Monday . The Warriors ( 24 - 16 ) held the Blazers to 43 percent shooting and forced 13 turnovers . They will look to get back on track as they play host to the 76ers on Sunday .
The visiting Portland Trail Blazers took down the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday , 129 - 95 . Portland ( 21 - 16 ) has now won two straight after a back - to - back against the Sixers thanks to the play of star point guard Damian Lillard . McCollum shot an impressive 13 - of - 18 from the field and splashed in four three - pointers on the night . It was an excellent night for the Blazers on the offensive end , as the team shot over 75 percent from the field and hit 12 three - pointers . Portland also held a steady advantage on the boards , out - rebounding the 76ers 59 - 36 . Philadelphia also struggled on the glass , as the team pulled down 58 boards in the contest . Philadelphia ( 23 - 14 ) has now won two games in a row on both games of a back - to - back set . The Sixers were led by C.J . McCollum , who scored 35 points on 13 - of - 18 shooting . He added three rebounds and three assists . Point guard Damian Lillard added 15 points and five assists , but shot just 6 - of - 10 . Little offense was to be found outside of Butler and veteran Jimmy Butler , who scored just five points on 2 - of - 12 shooting . As a team , the Sixers shot just 35 percent from the field and 19 percent from beyond the arc . Philadelphia will host the Clippers on Tuesday , while Portland will host the Kings .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 111 - 109 Friday at Moda Center . The Thunder ( 25 - 13 ) managed to get off to a hot start Friday , as they opened up a 28 - 28 lead after one quarter and never looked back . As for the Trail Blazers ( 22 - 17 ) , they shot just 43 percent from the field , 32 percent from long range and 88 percent from the free - throw line . All-Star Damian Lillard led the way for the Blazers ( 25 - 13 ) , scoring a game - high 23 points on top of eight rebounds and eight assists , while Jusuf Nurkic added 22 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting and eight rebounds in 31 minutes . Dennis Schroder was n't far behind , recording 10 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting , three assists and and three rebounds in 28 minutes off the bench . As a team , Oklahoma City shot just 43 percent from the field and hit 8 - of - 25 from behind the arc . As for the Trail Blazers , they continue to struggle , as they have now lost four of their last five games after Friday 's loss to the Trail Blazers . Up next , the Thunder will head home Sunday to take on the Wizards , while the Trail Blazers will look to get back on the right track Saturday in Houston . Portland will look to turn things around in their next game , when they take on the Wizards on Saturday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Houston Rockets , 110 - 101 , at Moda Center on Saturday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Portland Trail Blazers were lights - out from the field , shooting 46 percent from the field , 32 percent from three - point range and 75 percent from the free - throw line . The Trail Blazers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 47 - 40 . Jusuf Nurkic led the team in scoring , dropping 25 points and 15 rebounds on 11 - of - 18 from the field . Damian Lillard was second on the team , finishing with 17 points , five rebounds and 12 assists . The Blazers shot just 46 percent from the field , while the Blazers shot 46 percent on their end . On deck for Portland is a home matchup against the New York Knicks on Monday . The Rockets ( 22 - 16 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to slide down the standings . James Harden was the catalyst , as he accumulated 38 points , five rebounds and seven assists . C.J . McCollum was the only other Blazer in double figures , totaling 24 points , four rebounds and four assists of his own . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 21 rebounds . Portland will look to play better on Monday , when they host the Denver Nuggets for their next game .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 24 - 17 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 30 ) 111 - 101 on Monday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Knicks 30 - 30 right away in the first quarter . The Trail Blazers were able to out - score the Knicks 25 - 25 in the third quarter , allowing them to coast to the victory in the end . They were the superior shooters in this one , going 47 percent from the field and a ridiculous 30 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went just 40 percent from the floor and 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Emmanuel Mudiay . Lillard shot 5 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding nine assists . The 17 points matched a season - high for him , while it marked his second double - double in as many games . Lillard , on the other hand , finished with 17 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , nine assists and a steal in 32 minutes . He 's now averaging 14 points and 3 rebounds on the season . Noah went 5 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while adding 14 rebounds and a steal as well . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 34 points and 31 rebounds over his last two games . The only other Knick to reach double figures in points was Noah Curry , who had 17 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and two rebounds in 34 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be on the road against the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Chicago Bulls in overtime , 124 - 112 , at Moda Center on Wednesday . Despite the Blazers leading for the majority of the first half , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 12 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was a huge factor for the Blazers , as they went 11 - of - 26 from long range , while Chicago went just 9 - of - 22 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Blazers recording 28 assists to 16 turnovers , while the Bulls committed 12 turnovers to 22 assists . That 's evident by the fact that Portland took a 22 - point lead into halftime and never relinquished the lead after that . The Bulls ( 10 - 31 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Bulls is just what the doctor ordered . CJ McCollum led Portland in scoring , as he dropped 24 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting . Damian Lillard was n't far behind , tallying 16 points and 10 assists . Zach LaVine was second on the team , providing 18 points and three assists off the bench . No other player on the roster had more than 12 points , six rebounds or four assists . The Blazers ( 10 - 31 ) have now lost 17 of their last 11 games , as they continue to slide down the standings . CJ McCollum led the team in scoring , as he tallied 24 points , three rebounds and four assists . Damian Lillard was second on the team , with his 16 points and one assist . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other starter with more than four points , as he dropped 18 points and eight rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Seth Curry went just 7 - of - 11 from the field , but finished second on the team with 17 points . Portland will look to get out of this slide on Friday in a home matchup against the Golden State Warriors .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 26 - 17 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 19 - 22 ) 127 - 96 on Friday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Hornets 37 - 27 in the first quarter alone . That set the tone for the rest of the game , as the Trail Blazers - turnover was the difference in the game . The Trail Blazers - point was the difference in the game , as Portland went a whopping 56 percent from the field , while the Hornets shot just 40 percent . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Kemba Lillard and Damian Lillard . Lillard shot 8 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding three assists . It was his second impressive performance in a row , as he 's combined for 49 points and 12 rebounds over his last two games . Lamb on the other hand shot 7 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while also adding five rebounds . He 's now averaging 15 points and 5 rebounds on the season . Jusuf Nurkic had a big game as well . He went 5 - for - 6 from the field and 1 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 11 points , while grabbing 11 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 31 points and 31 rebounds over his last two games . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Evan Lamb , who came off the bench for 15 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Saturday , while the Hornets will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Saturday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 27 - 19 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 9 - 36 ) 129 - 112 on Wednesday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Cavaliers 30 - 26 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 53 percent from the field and 55 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went 47 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Rodney Hood . Lillard went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 33 points , while also adding six rebounds and six assists . He was able to get to the free throw line seven times and converted on all seven attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only seven points on Sunday against the Wizards . Coming off the bench , CJ McCollum added 19 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and one assist in only 29 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Cavs will be at home against the New Orleans up the Jazz Pelicans on Friday . The Trail Blazers on Friday will be on the road , .
The Portland Trail Blazers held on to defeat the streaking New Orleans Pelicans , 128 - 112 , on Friday night at Moda Center . The Trail Blazers ( 28 - 19 ) got off to a hot start , jumping out to a nine - point lead after the first quarter . As for the Pelicans ( 21 - 25 ) , they shot better than the Pelicans and finished the game hitting just 49 percent from the field and 32 percent from behind the arc . They also dominated the glass , out - rebounding the Pelicans 53 - 41 . Anthony Davis led the way for the Pelicans with a game - high 27 points , to go along with seven rebounds and two assists , in 36 minutes . C.J . McCollum followed up with 20 points , while Jusuf Nurkic added 15 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks . The only other player to score in double digits for New Orleans was Al-Farouq Aminu , who chipped in 15 points . The Pelicans face the second game of a back - to - back , as they play host to the Jazz on Monday evening . Meanwhile , Anthony Davis led the Pelicans with 27 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting , along with seven rebounds and two assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 20 points , six assists and six rebounds , while CJ McCollum added 20 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals . The Pelicans will look to bounce back as they play host to the Grizzlies on Monday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 120 - 111 , at Moda Center on Saturday . The Trail Blazers came into this game as a heavy favorite , but it took a late run to pull out the close win . In fact , Portland led for nearly the entirety of the game , with the Hawks never leading by more than two points . The key for Portland was their defense , as they held Atlanta to 46 percent from the field ( 42 - of - 92 ) and 36 percent from three - point range ( 12 - of - 33 ) . The Hawks shot 46 percent from the field , while holding the Hawks to 46 percent from the field . The Hawks ( 15 - 33 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to slide down the standings . C.J . McCollum led the way for Atlanta , as he collected 28 points and 10 assists on 10 - of - 23 from the field . John Collins was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , six rebounds and two assists . Maurice Harkless was the only other Blazer in double figures , as he dropped 16 points to go along with five rebounds . Al-Farouq Aminu had a nice game off the bench , providing 11 points , three rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . On deck for the Blazers is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Jazz on Monday . The Hawks ( 15 - 33 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to slide down the standings . CJ McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 28 points on 2 - of - 8 from three - point range . Seth Curry finished with 22 points , three rebounds and two assists . Jusuf Nurkic amassed 15 points , nine rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Al-Farouq Aminu came off the bench to provide 11 points , eight rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the visiting Utah Jazz , 132 - 105 , at Moda Center on Wednesday . This was a game full of swings , as the final one was the most decisive for the Trail Blazers - and - one . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with Portland winning that quarter , 29 - 31 . The Trail Blazers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 46 - 36 . Portland also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 8 - 17 . The Blazers ( 32 - 20 ) have now won three - straight games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Damian Lillard did all he could for Utah , as he led the team with 36 points , eight rebounds and two assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 30 points , three rebounds , two steals and a block . Ricky Rubio accumulated 12 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Meyers Leonard was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Portland will look to keep rolling on Tuesday against the Miami Heat . The Jazz ( 29 - 23 ) have now lost four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . CJ McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 30 points on 3 - of - 5 from three - point range . C.J . McCollum accumulated 30 points , three rebounds , two steals and two steals of his own . Meyers Leonard was second on the team in scoring , dropping 16 points and six rebounds off the bench . Utah will play the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday for their next game .
The Miami Heat defeated the Portland Trail Blazers in overtime , 118 - 108 , at Moda Center on Tuesday . The Heat came into this game as a heavy favorite , but it took a late run to pull out the close win . The key for Miami was the rebounding , as they won that battle , 46 - 33 . The Heat also dominated the shooting , hitting 54 percent of their shots to Portland 's 45 percent . Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game , as he totaled 28 points and 11 rebounds on 11 - of - 12 shooting . Damian Lillard was second on the team , finishing with 13 points , three rebounds and 10 assists . C.J . McCollum led Miami in scoring , as he provided 33 points , five rebounds and two assists on 13 - of - 25 shooting . James Johnson was the only other Blazer in double figures , as he provided 15 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and three blocks . On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup with the San Antonio Spurs on Friday . The Blazers ( 25 - 27 ) have now lost 17 of their last 11 games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Hassan Whiteside did all he could for Portland , as he led the team with 28 points and 11 rebounds . Dwyane Wade finished second on the team , collecting 22 points , nine rebounds and three assists . James Johnson was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and three blocks . On deck for the heat is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the San Antonio Spurs 127 - 118 at Moda Center on Thursday . The Blazers ( 33 - 21 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind the return of their star point guard DeMar DeRozan . DeRozan scored a game - high 35 points on 14 - of - 28 shooting from the field to go along with six rebounds and six assists . It was the All-Star point guard 's third double - double in the last six games . C.J . McCollum continued his strong play of the season with 30 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals on 10 - of - 21 shooting . The backcourt duo of Bryn Forbes and Damian Lillard scored 24 points each and combined to shoot 10 - of - 31 from the field . Jusuf Nurkic went an efficient 7 - of - 15 from the field , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , on his way to 22 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from deep . Rudy Gay led the way for Portland with 25 points , three rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 15 shooting . The only other players to score in double figures for the Spurs were Jusuf Nurkic , who scored 22 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , to go along with three rebounds , six assists , two blocks and one steal . C.J . Mills finished with 30 points , nine rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 21 shooting .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 34 - 23 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 41 - 16 ) 129 - 107 on Wednesday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Warriors 31 - 33 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Trail Blazers finished the game shooting 46 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Warriors went 40 percent from the floor and just 34 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant . Lillard shot 9 - for - 15 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 29 points , while also adding eight rebounds and eight assists . He was able to get to the free throw line seven times and converted on all seven attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only seven points on Sunday against the Wizards . Coming off the bench , CJ McCollum added 15 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and two assists in only 25 minutes . It was his first time reaching double - digit points in his last eight games , while the none time he reached double figures in points . C.J . McCollum was the Trail Blazers ' second leading scorer , finishing with 15 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 25 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Thursday , while the Warriors will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Thursday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 40 - 25 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 39 - 26 ) 129 - 121 on Thursday . In a battle between two potent defenses , the offenses really struggled . The two teams combined for just 79 points in the first half and shot horrendously . The Blazers actually outshot the Trail Blazers from distance from beyond the arc , but the Thunder shot 46 percent on their end . Oklahoma City also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 58 boards to Portland 's 51 . The three - point shooting was a huge difference as well , with the Thunder going 8 - for - 27 and Portland going just 9 - for - 41 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Thunder recording 14 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Blazers committed just 14 turnovers to their 14 assists . The Trail Blazers were led by Damian Lillard , who totaled 51 points , five rebounds , nine assists and two blocks in the win . He did however commit a season - high three turnovers , but that 's a sign of him being more aggressive and getting that assist total up after its been down all year . The Blazers ' next game will be against their Los Angeles Suns on Friday in their next game . Portland has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Jusuf Nurkic had his best game of the season , as he tallied 13 points , 17 rebounds , three assists and two steals in the win . C.J . McCollum led the team with 25 points and also snatched down five rebounds . The Blazers have a short turnaround , as they play the Phoenix Suns on Friday in their next game .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 40 - 26 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 52 ) 127 - 120 on Saturday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Suns 24 - 23 right away in the first quarter . From there , the Trail Blazers were able to out - score the Suns 25 - 43 in the final quarter to seal the victory in front of their home crowd . They shot 50 percent from the field and a ridiculous 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns shot 42 percent from the floor and 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Damian Lillard . Lillard shot 4 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding nine assists . The 26 points matched a season - high for McCollum , while it was his second game in a row scoring over 50 points . Curry , on the other hand , finished with 18 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) , nine rebounds and nine assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Jusuf Nurkic , who had 14 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 6 - 8 FT ) and nine rebounds . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday , while the Suns will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 43 - 27 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 44 - 27 ) 106 - 98 on Monday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pacers 28 - 31 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Trail Blazers finished the game shooting 47 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went 42 percent from the floor and 42 percent from deep . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Myles Turner and Damian Lillard . Turner went 9 - for - 17 from the field and 8 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 28 points , while also adding 10 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 40 points and 21 rebounds over that span of games . Coming off the bench , Bojan Bogdanovic added 15 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , two assists and three steals in 27 minutes . He 's now averaging 13 points and 5 rebounds on the season . The only other Blazer to reach double - digit points was Al-Farouq Aminu , who came off the bench for 16 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 26 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 44 - 27 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 43 ) 126 - 118 on Wednesday . Portland came into this game as a rare road favorite and did n't disappoint . They really took control in the first half , as the Trail Blazers led by double - digits for the majority of the game . Portland shot 49 percent from the field , while holding Dallas to 49 percent on their end . The Trail Blazers also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 48 boards to the Mavericks 35 . The three - point shooting was a huge disparity as well , as the teams went 10 - for - 36 from long distance and 10 - of - 30 from the free - throw line . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Blazers recording 23 assists to 11 turnovers , while the Mavericks committed 11 turnovers to 20 assists . Dallas has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Jusuf Nurkic recorded his second - straight double - double , as he collected 13 points and 10 rebounds before fouling out in the overtime . Seth Curry was the star of the show , as he totaled 33 points and 1 assists in the win . The Trail Blazers will look to bounce - back in their next game when they take on the Sacramento Kings on Thursday . Portland came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one scored more than 14 points . Justin Dončić led the team with 24 points and also provided five rebounds and six assists . Dallas will have a few days off until they play the Sacramento Kings on Saturday in their next matchup .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 45 - 27 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 37 - 35 ) 117 - 112 on Saturday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Pistons 32 - 28 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Blazers shot the ball well , going 54 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons went 50 percent from the floor and 41 percent from deep . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Reggie Jackson . Lillard went 9 - for - 16 from the field and 6 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding nine assists . It was his second impressive performance in a row , as he 's combined for 38 points and 14 assists over his last two games . He 's now averaging 28 points and 9 rebounds on the season . Jackson on the other hand recorded 24 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , three assists and a steal . He had a very poor showing on Friday against the Detroit Pistons , so it was good to see him turn things around . Jusuf Nurkic nearly had a double - double of his own , as he finished with 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 12 points and 11 rebounds on the year . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday , while the Pistons will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 46 - 27 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 38 - 37 ) 148 overtime at Moda Center on Monday . It was a close game the whole way . Damian Lillard scored a game - high 31 points on 10 - 30 shooting from the field , and he filled up the stat sheet with a game - high 12 12 assists . Enes Kanter followed up with 12 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting in 21 minutes off the bench . Spencer Allen started in place of Tony Parker ( knee ) , who missed his third straight game and did not return . The Blazers will look to bounce back when they visit the Philadelphia 76ers ( 16 - 27 ) on Thursday . Jusuf Nurkic led the way for Brooklyn with a double - double of 32 points , 16 rebounds , five assists , four blocks and two steals in 33 minutes . Damian Lillard added 31 points ( 10 - 30 FG , 4 - 16 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , six assists , six rebounds and one steal in 47 minutes . Jusuf Nurkic had 32 points ( 13 - 24 FG ) , 16 rebounds , five assists , two blocks and two steals in 33 minutes . Seth Curry contributed 20 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) , two rebounds , one assist and two steals in 40 minutes . Enes Kanter had 12 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 3 Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds , three assists and one steal in 21 minutes . The Nets begin a four - game road trip Thursday against the Chicago Bulls . The Nets travel to Philadelphia Wednesday to face the 76ers .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 50 - 28 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 31 - 47 ) 116 - 89 at Moda Center on Wednesday . The Blazers fell behind early in the game and were unable to hold off the Trail Blazers in the fourth quarter . Enes Kanter had his best game of the season , scoring 21 points , to go along with 15 rebounds and three steals on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Damian Lillard led all scorers with 20 points , to go along with seven assists and seven rebounds on 8 - of - 18 shooting , while Damian Lillard scored 20 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting to go with 10 assists . The Blazers shot 51 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Blazers play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Grizzlies play the same night and host the Dallas Mavericks , as the Blazers host the Denver Nuggets , concluding a day off in the second , as they look to bounce back with a win in the second of a back - to - back , when they play the Mavericks in Denver on 5 - of - 6 shooting in 3 - of - 6 shooting in the first game of the seven - game road trip . Chandler Parsons fell one assist shy of a triple - double , as he finished with 13 points and 12 assists on 6 - for - 7 shooting . Damian Lillard scored 20 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with seven assists and seven rebounds . Zach Collins was the only other player to score in double digits for the Blazers , as he contributed 18 points and seven rebounds . Both teams play on Friday , as the Blazers host the Denver Nuggets , while the Grizzlies host the Dallas Mavericks .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Denver Nuggets , 115 - 108 , at Moda Center on Sunday . In a battle between two teams fighting for nothing more than ping pong balls , both teams played a hard - fought game . In fact , there were seven ties and 13 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 7 points . Portland were able to shoot over 44 percent from the field , while holding the Nuggets to 44 percent shooting . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Portland winning that battle , 58 - 42 . The Trail Blazers also dominated the assist differential , recording 29 assists to Denver 's 24 . The Blazers ( 51 - 29 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to slide down the standings . Damian Lillard did all he could for Denver , as he led the team with 30 points , six rebounds and five assists . Al-Farouq Aminu was second on the team , providing 23 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 11 points and 13 rebounds . Malik Beasley led the bench with 15 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Portland 's next game is on Tuesday against the Los Angeles Lakers . The Nuggets ( 53 - 27 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 2 games behind the eight - seed in the west . Damian Lillard did all he could for Denver , as he led the team with 30 points , six rebounds and five assists . Al-Farouq Aminu was second on the team , providing 23 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Mason Plumlee also recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 53 - 29 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 39 - 43 ) 136 - 131 at Moda Center on Wednesday . The high scoring first quarter fell by the wayside in favor of the Blazers , as their ridiculously hot three point shooting kept the Kings at a major distance . Portland continues to exceed expectations in the Western Conference , and they currently hold the 0 - seed for the Western Conference playoffs , as they currently hold the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western Conference . The Blazers shot lights out in this game , as they shot 58 percent from the field , 58 percent from long range and 14 - of - 24 from the foul line . Marvin Bagley was the high - point man for Sacramento , with 20 points , to go along with nine rebounds and one steal , in 30 minutes . Skal Labissiere added 29 points on 12 - of - 13 shooting , including 3 - of - 2 from long range , in 16 minutes off the bench . The Trail Blazers shot 14 - of - 24 from long range and 14 - of - 22 from the free throw line as their offense clicked on the way . Three Sacramento starters scored in double figures , including Skal Labissiere , who finished with 29 points on 12 - of - 17 shooting , including 7 - of - 11 from long range . Skal Labissiere also contributed a double - double with 19 points and 11 rebounds , in 42 minutes . The only other player to score in double figures for Sacramento was Frank Fox , who added 15 points , in 16 minutes off the bench . The Kings will look to get back on track as they play host to the Kings on 2019 .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 108 - 100 , at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and that proved to be true on the court as well . The second half was especially lopsided , as Golden State led by at least 18 points for the entirety of the second half . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with Golden State recording 28 assists to 21 turnovers , while the Thunder matched their assists and turnovers at 21 a piece . Golden State was lights - out from the field , shooting 44 percent from the field , 27 percent from three - point range and 65 percent from the free - throw line . The Warriors also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 58 - 45 . The Thunder ( 0 - 1 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Klay Thompson was the star , as he scored a team - high 14 points on 5 - of - 20 shooting . Dennis Schroeder was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 21 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Steven Adams recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 11 rebounds . Draymond Green was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 2 points , 13 rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday . The Warriors ( 1 - 0 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Paul George was the player of the game , as he collected 32 points , eight rebounds and nine assists . Dennis Schroder finished second on the team , collecting 21 points , eight rebounds , six assists , three steals and two blocks . Steph Jones finished with 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . On deck for Oklahoma City is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Phoenix Suns 123 - 103 at Oracle Arena on Monday . The Warriors ( 3 - 1 ) grabbed their first win of the season in emphatic fashion against a tough opponent in the Suns ( 1 - 2 ) . A wild fourth quarter proved to be the difference , as the Warriors outscored the Suns 38 - 24 in the third quarter and went just 11 - for - 26 from the field in the third quarter . All five starters scored in double digits for the Warriors , and Stephen Curry led the way with a game - high 29 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting from the field . Kevin Durant also had a solid outing , shooting 12 - of - 17 from the field and 2 - of - 3 from behind the arc en route to scoring 22 points - - his second 27 - point game of the season . T.J. Warren added 27 points of his own , while Klay Thompson scored 16 , shooting 6 - of - 14 from the field and 1 - of - 6 from behind the arc . The Warriors were led by Devin Booker , who scored a game - high 28 points on 11 - of - 21 shooting , to go along with six assists and five rebounds in 38 minutes . T.J. Warren added 27 points on 12 - of - 17 shooting , while Klay Thompson scored 16 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting from the field and Damian Jones added 13 points of his own . Up next , the Warriors will head to Washington on Wednesday to take on the Wizards , while the Suns will head home Wednesday to play the Lakers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Washington Wizards , 144 - 122 , at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . There are n't many NBA games that are as lopsided as this one , but that 's just how good the Warriors can be . Not only did they lead by 21 at the half , they took a 45 - point lead into halftime . The offense was on point , as they shot 58 percent from the field , 92 percent from the free - throw line and 45 percent from three - point range . Golden State was extremely efficient as well , as they assisted on 58 of their 53 made baskets . The Warriors ( 4 - 1 ) continue to struggle and results like this are downright ugly . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the team in scoring , as he dropped 17 points off the bench on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the team in scoring off the bench , as he dropped 17 points on 5 - of - 10 from three - point range . John Wall went just 5 - of - 12 from the field , but finished with 13 points , two rebounds and six assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points and four rebounds . The Warriors ( 4 - 1 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Warriors team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds and four assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 19 points and two rebounds . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating five points , five rebounds and 12 assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a huge spark off the bench , providing 17 points and four rebounds . Golden State will host the New York Knicks on Friday for their next game .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday , 131 - 121 . The Warriors ( 8 - 1 ) bounced back from a nationally - televised 24 - point loss to the Portland Trail Blazers on opening night . High-profile free agency acquisition Jrue Holiday was the difference maker for Golden State on Wednesday , scoring 24 points to go with nine assists and three steals . It was an excellent night for the Warriors on the offensive end , as the team shot over 53 percent from the field and hit 16 three - pointers . The team also managed 39 assists on the night . New Orleans ( 4 - 3 ) , meanwhile , saw shoddy offensive play in the crushing loss . The team shot only 48 percent from the floor and hit 16 three - pointers . Reigning MVP Steph Curry led the team with 37 points , hitting seven three - pointers and going a perfect 6 - of - 7 on the night . Forward Nikola Mirotic , meanwhile , had a double - double with 24 points and eight rebounds off the bench . The Pelicans will visit Portland on Thursday , while Golden State will travel to Minnesota to face the Trail Blazers - hot Trail Blazers the intriguing ball . New Orleans will host the Timberwolves on Friday , while New Orleans will travel to Minnesota to take on the Trail Blazers that Trail Blazers , as well , position in Oracle Arena in a matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves on November Moda Center November . November , the Warriors will visit the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves , 116 - 99 , at Oracle Arena on Friday . This was a game full of swings , as the Warriors made a late run in the fourth quarter . In fact , the Warriors never trailed after that , as they outscored the Timberwolves , 25 - 12 , in the fourth quarter . The Warriors offense was on point , as they shot 49 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 43 made baskets . The Warriors bench was huge as well , outscoring Minnesota 's bench , 30 - 33 . The Timberwolves ( 4 - 5 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . Andrew Wiggins was the star , as he scored a team - high 22 points on 9 - of - 23 shooting . He also added four rebounds and three steals to his tally . Klay Thompson was second on the team , as he scored 22 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating nine points , nine rebounds and 11 assists . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday . The Warriors ( 9 - 1 ) came into this game winning two of their last three , so a road win is just what the doctor ordered . Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he collected 33 points , 13 rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 19 shooting . Jimmy Butler was second on the team , finishing with 21 points , three rebounds and five assists . Taj Gibson was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 12 points and three rebounds . Golden State will look to build off this win on Monday in a road matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 117 - 101 , at Oracle Arena on Monday . Memphis were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Warriors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Grizzlies to 46 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Memphis , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 10 - 1 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what they need to get going . Klay Thompson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points on 11 - of - 21 shooting . Stephen Curry was n't far behind , as he tallied 19 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Shelvin Mack was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Shelvin Mack was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Memphis will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Denver Nuggets for their next game . Memphis ( 10 - 1 ) has been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Klay Thompson led the team , as he accumulated 27 points , two rebounds and three assists . Stephen Curry finished second among starters , collecting 19 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Marc Gasol flirted with a triple - double , accumulating eight points , 10 rebounds and nine assists . On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Golden State Warriors , 134 - 111 , at Oracle Arena on Thursday . While this game was tight throughout the first half , the Bucks stung the Warriors in the third quarter to run away with it . In fact , the Bucks outscored the Warriors 32 - 28 in the third quarter and 20 - point lead headed into the fourth . The offense was on point , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 78 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Bucks recording 33 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Warriors committed 18 turnovers to just 31 assists . The Warriors ( 9 - 2 ) continue to fly under the radar and they may have pulled out their biggest win of the season against the Warriors here . Eric Bledsoe did all he could for Golden State , leading them with 26 points , four rebounds and six assists . Kevin Durant was n't far behind , as he scored 17 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . The Bucks will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game . The Warriors ( 9 - 2 ) have gotten off to a historically bad start offensively this season , but they were able to pull out a win here , thanks to some elite defense . Stephen Curry was the player of the game , accumulating 26 points , four rebounds and six assists on 10 - of - 12 shooting . Kevin Durant was second on the team , as he finished with 17 points , five rebounds and nine assists . Khris Middleton recorded a season - high 17 points , adding three rebounds and six assists to his tally . Golden State will look to keep rolling on Saturday in a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 116 - 100 , at Oracle Arena on Saturday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Nets team and they took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter is when they made their mark , as they outscored the Nets 29 - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Golden State recording seven more assists than the Nets , while committing nine less turnovers . Philadlephia could n't keep their hands out of the cookie jar , as they committed 23 fouls and allowed Golden State to go 17 - of - 21 from the free - throw line . Kevin Durant led Golden State with 28 points , five rebounds and 11 assists . Klay Thompson finished second on the team , dropping 24 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting . D'Angelo Russell went just 5 - of - 16 from the field , but finished with 12 points , three rebounds and five assists . Joe Harris led the bench in scoring , dropping 24 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting . Joe Harris had a game to forget , as he went just 2 - of - 12 from the field en route to a career - high 24 points . Golden State 's next game will be on Monday , when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves . The Nets ( 6 - 7 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Joe Harris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting off the bench . Klay Thompson led the starters , as he collected 24 points and two rebounds . Spencer Dinwiddie started and amassed 14 points , two rebounds and six assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points , two rebounds and six assists . Brooklyn will host the Minnesota Timberwolves for their next game on Monday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 110 - 103 , at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . This game meant much more to Golden State than the Hawks and that proved to be the case in the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 38 minutes of this game . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Warriors recording 28 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 14 turnovers to 25 assists . Kevin Durant led the way for Golden State , as he tallied 29 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 24 points , five rebounds and three assists . Jonas Valanciunas totaled 14 points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double . Taurean Prince led the bench in scoring , as he accrued 22 points , four rebounds and four assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 13 rebounds . Kent Bazemore was the only starter to play well , as he amassed 18 points and two rebounds . The Hawks ( 3 - 11 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Taurean Prince led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . Jonas Jerebko recorded a nice - line , as he totaled 14 points and seven rebounds on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Taurean Prince was a nice spark off the bench , providing 22 points to go along with four rebounds and four assists . Jonas Jerebko recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 14 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for the Hawks is a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Thursday . The Warriors ( 12 - 3 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the east . Kevin Durant did all he could for Atlanta , as he led the team with 29 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Kent Bazemore was huge off the bench , providing 18 points , two rebounds and four steals . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points and 13 rebounds .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Golden State Warriors 123 - 95 Wednesday at Oracle Arena . The Thunder ( 12 - 6 ) got off to a hot start , jumping out to a nine - point lead after the first quarter . From there , however , Oklahoma City stormed back to outscore the Warriors ( 12 - 7 ) 36 - 33 in the third quarter . Oklahoma City went 13 - of - 22 from beyond the arc and held the Warriors to just 43 percent from the field . The Thunder 's ( 12 - 7 ) defense was very efficient on the defensive end , shooting a whopping 48 percent from the field and dishing 29 assists . It was a low - scoring game for the Thunder , as they shot just 43 percent from the field and 24 percent from behind the arc . Only two Warriors scored in double figures , with Dennis Schroder leading the way with 32 points on 10 - of - 22 shooting from the field . Kevin Durant added 27 points of his own , while Steven Adams recorded a double - double of 20 points and 11 rebounds . For the Warriors , it was a night to forget , as the team shot just 43 percent from the field and just 7 - of - 29 from long range . The only other Golden State player to score in double figures was Jerami Grant , who came off the bench with 13 points in 26 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Thunder will travel to Charlotte Friday to take on the Hornets , while the Warriors will head to Portland on Friday to take on the Trail Blazers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 125 - 97 at Oracle Arena on Friday . The Warriors ( 13 - 7 ) claimed their third straight victory and have lost three straight and eight of their last 22 . Damian Lillard led the way with 23 points , eight assists and two rebounds on 9 - of - 24 shooting . Klay Thompson added 31 points on 12 - of - 21 shooting , while CJ McCollum added 19 points . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player to score in double digits , as he scored 22 points on efficient 8 - of - 15 shooting . The Warriors ( 13 - 7 ) were led by Damian Lillard , who scored a team - high 23 points on 9 - of - 24 shooting , including a perfect 3 - of - 7 three - pointers . He added eight assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . Jusuf Nurkic contributed 22 points and seven rebounds of his own , while C.J . McCollum added 19 points . The only other player to score in double figures was Al-Farouq Aminu , who chipped in 12 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Both teams play on Sunday , as the Blazers host the Los Angeles Clippers , while the Trail Blazers visit , against the Los Angeles the Blazers . Golden State received balanced scoring from three - point range , including Kevin Durant , who poured in 32 on a sharp 13 - of - 21 shooting . Damian Lillard led the team with 23 points , including three three - pointers . Lillard shot 9 - of - 24 from the field but added eight assists and two rebounds . Jusuf Nurkic scored 22 points and added seven rebounds and two steals in 27 minutes off the bench .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Sacramento Kings , 117 - 116 , at Oracle Arena on Saturday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Warriors team and they did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was free - throw shooting , with the Kings going just 21 - of - 29 and the Warriors hitting 25 - of - 29 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Warriors recording 28 assists to 14 turnovers , while the Kings committed 8 turnovers to 28 assists . Kevin Durant led the way for Golden State , as he tallied 44 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists . Klay Thompson finished second on the team with 31 points and four steals . Marvin Bagley totaled 20 points , 17 rebounds and two steals . Buddy Hield led the way for Sacramento , as he dropped 28 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Marvin Bagley amassed 20 points and 17 rebounds . Damian Jones was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , six rebounds and two steals . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Sunday . The Kings ( 10 - 9 ) have now lost eight - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he collected 44 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists . Marvin Bagley was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points and 17 rebounds . Iman Shumpert came off the bench to provide 14 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Kings is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Monday .
Kevin Durant led the way for a Golden State squad missing Draymond Green , posting a near double - double consisting of 49 points and six rebounds . Klay Thompson was second with 29 points . Terrence Ross poured in 28 points and added a rebound , two assists and two steals . Terrence Ross chipped in a bench - leading 28 points , along with two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Mohamed D.J . Augustin and Mohamed reserve D.J . Augustin were next with a pair of 9 - point efforts . Augustin added nine assists , four rebounds and two steals , and the latter registering four rebounds , nine assists and a pair of steals . D.J . Augustin went for nine points , nine assists , four rebounds and a pair of steals . Nikola Vucevic 's 30 - point , 12 - rebound double - double led the Magic . Klay Thompson and Klay Thompson followed with matching 28 - point efforts , while D.J . Augustin managed nine points , nine assists , four rebounds and two steals . D.J. led the second unit with a season - high 28 points for the Warriors . Nikola Vucevic followed with a near double - double of 30 points , 12 rebounds and six assists . Terrence Ross was next with 28 points , while Jonathan Isaac led the bench with 15 points . Evan Fournier and Evan Fournier supplied nine points apiece , but D.J . Augustin managed nine points , four assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block in a reserve role as well .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves , 116 - 108 , at Oracle Arena on Monday . This game meant much more to Golden State than the Warriors and that proved to be the case in the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 28 minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Timberwolves to 46 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists than Minnesota , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 19 - 9 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Timberwolves is just what the doctor ordered . Stephen Curry was the player of the game , as he tallied 38 points , seven rebounds , six assists and two steals on 12 - of - 23 from the field . Kevin Durant was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , five rebounds , three assists and three steals . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating seven points , 10 rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . The Warriors ( 19 - 9 ) have now lost five of their last six games , with this loss being one of the worst of that stretch . Karl-Anthony Towns led Minnesota in scoring , as he collected 31 points and 11 rebounds . Derrick Rose finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , three rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating seven points , 10 rebounds and seven assists .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Golden State Warriors , 113 - 93 , at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Raptors were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Raptors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 20 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held the Warriors to 48 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording three more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 19 - 10 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Kyle Lowry was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals . Klay Thompson was second on the team , as he scored 14 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Draymond Green was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 2 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Fred VanVleet was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and three steals . The Raptors will host the Sacramento Kings on Friday for their next game . The Raptors ( 23 - 7 ) had lost four - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Kyle Lowry was the player of the game , as he accumulated 23 points , five rebounds , 12 assists and three steals . Serge Ibaka finished second on the team with 20 points and 12 rebounds on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Stephen Curry accumulated 10 points , three rebounds and three assists . On deck for the Warriors is a road matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 110 - 93 , at Oracle Arena on Monday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Warriors pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 0 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Grizzlies to 46 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists than Memphis , despite committing six less turnovers . The Grizzlies ( 16 - 14 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what they need to get going . Stephen Curry led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , seven rebounds and two steals . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , five rebounds , three assists and three steals . Marc Gasol was the only other Memphis player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , six rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Grizzlies is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday . The Warriors ( 21 - 10 ) have now won four - straight , as the offense continues to set records . Omri Casspi led the team in scoring , as he dropped 23 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Marc Gasol was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points , six rebounds and six assists . Jonas Jerebko and Garrett Temple each scored 16 points a piece off the bench . On deck for the Grizzlies is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Dallas Mavericks 120 - 116 at Oracle Arena on Saturday . The Warriors ( 22 - 11 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from DeAndre Jordan , who finished with 12 points , 23 rebounds and five assists on 4 - of - 8 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from behind the arc . Curry was effective on both ends of the floor , scoring 22 points , to go along with five assists and five rebounds on 7 - of - 22 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 7 - of - 5 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Warriors ' double - digit lead in the second half . The Warriors ( 15 - 16 ) were led by Wesley Matthews , who scored a team - high 25 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting in 35 minutes off the bench . Harrison Barnes , the league 's leading scorer , added 17 points , to go along with six rebounds , while Draymond Green pitched in a double - double with 14 points and 5 assists . Klay Thompson was the only other player to score in double figures , as he scored 14 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . As for the Mavericks , the Mavs shot 46 percent from the field and 14 - of - 39 from behind the arc . They were led by Wesley Matthews , who scored 25 points on 15 - of - 15 shooting , including a brilliant 7 - of - 11 from behind the arc . DeAndre Jordan was the high - point man for Dallas with 12 points , while Klay Thompson chipped in 14 points , to go along with five rebounds .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 129 - 127 , at Oracle Arena on Sunday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily with a 21 - point spread and they took care of business . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Warriors recording 22 assists to seven turnovers , while the Clippers matched their assists and turnovers at 23 a piece . Scoring in the paint was a huge factor as well , with the Warriors winning that battle , 42 - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Golden State recording eight more assists than the Clippers , while committing six less turnovers . The Warriors ( 23 - 11 ) have been dominant at home all season and this sort of win shows just how good they can be . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , accruing 32 points , nine rebounds and two steals on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , scoring 25 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Draymond Green was the only other Warrior in double figures , totaling 14 points , four rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Warriors is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Clippers ( 19 - 14 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Stephen Curry was the player of the game , as he collected 42 points , six rebounds and two assists . Kevin Durant was second on the team , finishing with 35 points , 12 rebounds , five assists , three steals and three blocks . Draymond Green was the only other Clippers player in double figures , accumulating 14 points , four rebounds , six assists and five steals .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Golden State Warriors , 127 - 101 , at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Warriors team and they did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was free - throw shooting , with the Warriors hitting just 76 percent of their free - throws to the Celtic 's 91 percent . Rebounding was also key , as Los Lakers outscored Golden State , 58 - 37 , in the paint . The Lakers ( 23 - 12 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Andre Iguodala led the way , as he tallied 23 points , five rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 12 shooting . Kevin Durant finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Rajon Rondo flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 15 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . On deck for Golden State is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday . The Lakers ( 20 - 14 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Kyle Kuzma was the player of the game , as he collected 19 points and six rebounds on 5 - of - 14 from the field . Rajon Rondo finished with 15 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . Ivica Zubac played well off the bench , amassing 18 points , 11 rebounds and two blocks . On deck for the Lakers is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday .
The host Portland Trail Blazers took down the Golden State Warriors on Thursday , 110 - 109 . Portland ( 20 - 15 ) has been devastated by injuries midway through the season . Stars Kevin Durant ( hamstring ) and C.J . McCollum ( hip ) were all sidelined , with former MVP Kevin Durant took the reigns of the offense on Thursday . Durant scored 26 points and hit two three - pointers on the night . All-Star forward Draymond Green , meanwhile , had a near triple - double with 15 points , 11 rebounds , and seven assists . All-Star C.J . McCollum , meanwhile , led the team with 24 points on 7 - of - 22 shooting . The team shot a stellar 36 percent from the field and hit 13 three - pointers . The team also dished out 20 assists in total . Golden State , meanwhile , saw strong play from their guards . Reigning MVP Steph Curry scored 29 points to go with five rebounds and seven assists . Lillard shot 7 - of - 20 and had seven rebounds and seven assists . Shooting guard Klay Thompson , meanwhile , had 15 points , eight rebounds , and two assists . Golden State ( 23 - 13 ) had a rough night offensively on the offensive end . The team shot just 41 percent and hit 13 - of - 44 from three - point range . It was an off night for the league 's best team , as the team shot just 42 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . On Saturday , the Warriors will host the Warriors , while the Warriors will host the Trail Blazers .
The Houston Rockets took down the visiting Golden State Warriors on Thursday , 135 - 134 . Houston ( 22 - 15 ) has now won two in a row after sliding a bit towards the middle of the month . The team welcomed the return of star point guard Stephen Curry ( rest ) for the third straight game , but Golden State advanced to 160 when Thursday 's . Harden did n't have the same success , however , as he shot just 13 - of - 32 from the field and 2 - of - 15 from three - point range . It was a stellar night for the whole team on the offensive end , as the team shot over 45 percent from the field and hit 21 three - pointers . The team also turned the ball over 14 times on the night . Golden State ( 25 - 14 ) , meanwhile , saw shoddy offensive play in the crushing loss . The team shot just 52 percent from the floor and 38 percent from three - point range . Shooting guard Klay Thompson led the team with 26 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting . The Warriors also saw strong play from their bench , as guard Austin Rivers went just 7 - of - 18 from the field . The Warriors will visit Portland on Saturday , while Golden State will host the Trail Blazers on Saturday . Golden State , meanwhile , will take on the Portland Trail Blazers in their next matchup , as the Warriors will host the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host New York Knicks , 122 - 95 , at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . This was a game that meant a lot more to Golden State than the Knicks , as they took a 31 - 25 lead after the first quarter . Shooting was the key difference , with the Warriors shooting 51 percent to the Knicks 40 percent . It was a wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 31 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held New York to 40 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 49 - 39 . The Warriors ( 27 - 14 ) had to play this game without Courtney Lee , but they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to pull out the upset win . Kevin Durant carried the load , as he collected 24 points , six rebounds and six assists . Kevin Durant was n't far behind , as he accumulated 24 points , six rebounds and six assists . Draymond Green was arguably their best player , as he collected 2 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists en route to a double - double . The Knicks will host the Indiana Pacers on Friday for their next game . The Warriors ( 27 - 14 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Verizon Center . Mario Hezonja led the team in scoring , accruing 19 points and six rebounds . Tim Hardaway Jr. finished with 13 points and three rebounds on 4 - of - 7 shooting . Enes Kanter recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points and 16 rebounds . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the bench with 13 points .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Chicago Bulls , 146 overtime 146 at Oracle Arena on Friday . The Splash Brothers , Steph Curry and Klay Thompson , took care of business leading the Warriors ( 28 - 14 ) in a rout over the Bulls ( 10 - 32 ) at home . Golden State scored 77 points in the first half , and the Curry-Thompson combination each scored 34 points . Curry went on to knock down five three pointers , while Curry added eight of his own , to go along with eight rebounds and eight assists . Zach LaVine led the way for Golden State with 29 points , four rebounds and one steal on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Stephen Curry contributed 28 points on an efficient 10 - of - 16 shooting from the field , including 5 - of - 11 from long range . Curry added eight assists and five rebounds while shooting 10 - of - 18 from the field . Kevin Durant added 22 points of his own , to go along with four rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block . Next up , the Warriors play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday , while the Bulls visit the Utah Jazz on Saturday . The Bulls head to Dallas for a battle of a Eastern Conference squad Sunday , when they play host to the Mavericks , also , in third place in the Eastern Conference , , and will head and face the Mavericks on Sunday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host New Orleans Pelicans , 147 - 140 , at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . In a battle between two struggling teams , they left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle . There were 10 ties and 37 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 13 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Golden State recording 33 assists to 10 turnovers , while New Orleans committed 10 turnovers to just 36 assists . The Pelicans ( 31 - 24 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement . Anthony Davis was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds , seven assists and three blocks . Kevin Durant finished second on the team , totaling 30 points , 15 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Draymond Green was the only other starter in double figures , collecting 17 points , six rebounds and 14 assists . Golden State will look to build off this win against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday . The Pelicans ( 21 - 24 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Stephen Curry led the team in scoring , as he tallied 41 points , five rebounds and three assists . Klay Thompson was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating seven points , five rebounds and 12 assists . On deck for New Orleans is a road matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Golden State Warriors , 113 - 104 , at Oracle Arena on Thursday . The Sixers were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Sixers pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 34 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the 76ers , as they held the Warriors to 47 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . The Sixers also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 37 - 37 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 34 . The Warriors ( 36 - 15 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Stephen Curry led the way , as he tallied 41 points , four rebounds , six assists and three steals . Ben Simmons was second on the team , providing 26 points , eight rebounds , six assists and three steals off the bench . Draymond Green was arguably their best player , as he collected 4 points , eight rebounds , 10 assists , four steals and three blocks . Ben Simmons was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and five rebounds . On deck for Golden State is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday . The Sixers ( 34 - 18 ) have really struggled on defense this season and this loss only adds to those struggles . Ben Simmons led the bench , as he tallied 26 points , eight rebounds , six assists and three steals on 10 - of - 13 shooting . Draymond Green was the only other player in double figures , as he accumulated 4 points , eight rebounds , 10 assists , four steals and three blocks . Ben Simmons was a nice spark off the bench , providing 26 points , eight rebounds and six assists on 10 - of - 13 shooting . On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Sacramento Lakers on Saturday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 115 - 101 , at Oracle Arena on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Warriors left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Golden State pulled out the wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 32 minutes . Defense was key for the Warriors , as they held the Lakers to 44 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Los Angeles , while committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 37 - 15 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Klay Thompson was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds and two assists . DeMarcus Cousins totaled 18 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope collected 12 points and six rebounds . Andre Iguodala was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , three rebounds and four assists . Golden State 's next game will be on Wednesday , when they take on the San Antonio Spurs . The Lakers ( 27 - 26 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Klay Thompson led the team in scoring , as he tallied 28 points and four rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . DeMarcus Cousins recorded a double - double , totaling 18 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Rajon Rondo accrued 12 points , eight rebounds and 11 assists . Kyle Kuzma came off the bench to provide 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . On deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 97 - 102 , at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Warriors ( 38 - 15 ) improved to 19 - 11 on their home court and saw a very strong performance from Klay Thompson , who led all scorers with 26 points on 11 - of - 13 shooting , including a perfect 4 - of - 5 from behind the arc . Thompson finished with 26 points , six rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 13 shooting , including four buckets from behind the arc . Stephen Curry added 19 points , seven assists , five rebounds , two steals and one block on 7 - of - 12 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 3 - of - 3 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Warriors ' double - digit lead in the second half . The Warriors ( 32 - 24 ) were led by Patty Mills , who scored 16 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , led the Spurs with 16 points . Rudy Gay was a spark plug off the bench and contributed 15 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in 19 minutes . San Antonio ( 32 - 24 ) were led by Rudy Gay , who finished with 15 points , three rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Rudy Gay was not far behind with 15 points , but the rest of the team simply could not get the job done against the Warriors . Both teams play on Thursday , as the Spurs visit the Portland Trail Blazers , while the Warriors host the Phoenix Suns .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Miami Heat , 120 - 118 , at Oracle Arena on Sunday . The Warriors ( 40 - 15 ) improved to 25 - 6 on their home court and saw a strong game from Stephen Curry , who got the job done against the Heat . Thompson finished with 25 points , four assists and three rebounds on 9 - of - 18 shooting , including six three - pointers . Curry went on to finish with 25 points , two assists , four rebounds and two steals on 9 - of - 18 shooting , including five three pointers . Stephen Curry added 25 points , two assists , four rebounds , two blocks and five steals on 9 - of - 18 shooting ( 5 - of - 10 from three point territory ) , to go along with six rebounds and two assists . Justise Winslow was the only other Warriors player to score in double figures , as he scored 22 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , while Dwyane Wade finished with 10 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting in 37 minutes . The Heat were led by Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry , who combined for 46 points on the night . Durant finished with 39 points , which led all scorers , and added six rebounds and four assists on 16 - of - 24 shooting , while Curry added 25 points , four rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 18 shooting . The Heat ( 25 - 29 ) were led by Josh Richardson , who dropped a career high 37 points on 14 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with one rebound , five assists and one steal . Stephen Curry added 25 points of his own , to go along with four rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 18 shooting .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Utah Jazz 115 - 108 at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . The Warriors ( 41 - 15 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after Kevin Durant led the way with a game - high 28 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Four other players scored in double digits for the Warriors , including Stephen Curry , who finished with 24 points , to go along with four assists , five rebounds , four steals and two blocks , in 36 minutes . The shot of Klay Thompson , Stephen Curry , fouled out in the third quarter , where he finished with only 24 points , including five three - pointers , to go along with four rebounds , four assists , four steals and two blocks ( 8 - of - 19 ) overall . Durant led all Warriors scorers with 28 points , to go along with two rebounds and seven assists , while Curry added 24 points , five rebounds , four assists , four blocks and four steals . Klay Thompson was the only other Warriors scorer to score in double figures , as he chipped in 22 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , including 3 - of - 5 from deep . The Jazz shot 49 percent from the field and dished 29 assists on 44 field goals . The Jazz move on to Oklahoma City to face the Trail Blazers on Wednesday , in what could be a first - round preview . The Warriors begin a Western Conference road trip Wednesday against the Trail Blazers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Sacramento Kings 125 - 123 at Oracle Arena on Thursday . The Warriors ( 42 - 16 ) improved to 15 - 10 on their home court and saw a strong game from Stephen Curry , who led the way on the night with a season - high 36 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting , including 10 - of - 16 from the charity stripe . It was far from far for his teammates , however , as he shot 12 - of - 23 from the field and 10 - of - 2 from the free throw line . Kevin Durant led all scorers with 28 points , in addition to nine rebounds , four assists and a block on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Buddy Thompson added 19 points on an efficient 8 - of - 19 shooting , while DeMarcus Cousins notched his third straight double - double with 17 points and 10 rebounds . Draymond Green finished with a lowly six points on 3 - of - 6 shooting across 33 minutes . The Kings ( 30 - 28 ) were led by Stephen Curry , who finished with 36 points , six rebounds , seven assists and two steals on 12 - of - 23 shooting . Buddy Hield drew the start and scored 19 points on 2 - of - 8 shooting ( 2 - of - 8 from three ) , in 37 minutes . Draymond Green was the only other player to score in double digits , as he finished with 12 points , six rebounds and eight assists on 3 - of - 6 shooting across 33 minutes .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Golden State Warriors , 118 - 112 , at Oracle Arena on Saturday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Rockets left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Houston pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they took a 35 - 20 lead after the first quarter . Rebounding was the difference in the game , with Houston winning that battle , 49 - 45 . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording eight more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Warriors ( 42 - 17 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Kevin Durant carried the load , as he collected 29 points , four rebounds and three assists . DeMarcus Cousins totaled 13 points , 14 rebounds , two assists , three steals and four blocks . Klay Thompson finished with 20 points , four rebounds and six assists . P.J . Tucker led the bench with 18 points and 10 rebounds . The Rockets ( 34 - 25 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at home . Eric Gordon led the team in scoring , dropping 25 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points and 10 rebounds . Klay Thompson accrued 20 points , four rebounds and six assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double , amassing 20 points and 10 rebounds .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Celtics , 128 - 100 , at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . This was a lopsided matchup on paper and the Celtics left no doubt with this dominating result . In fact , Boston pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 41 minutes . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Celtics to 46 percent from the field , 27 percent from three - point range and 46 percent from the free - throw line . The Celtics also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 46 - 27 . The Celtics ( 27 - 27 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury . Gordon Hayward continued his barrage , as he led the team with 30 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Kevin Durant was second on the team , with 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 18 points and four rebounds . Marcus Morris accrued 10 points , one rebound and one assist . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 18 points , four rebounds and two assists , while Marcus Morris led the team with 10 points . Boston will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup versus the Sacramento Kings . The Celtics ( 44 - 20 ) have now lost four of their last five , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Gordon Hayward led the way for Boston , as he collected 30 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals . Kyrie Irving finished with 19 points , five rebounds and 11 assists . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 18 points and four rebounds . Marcus Morris accrued 10 points , one rebound and one assist .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Denver Nuggets 122 - 105 at Oracle Arena on Friday . The Warriors ( 45 - 20 ) came into Friday 's contest with a plethora of injuries , missing the likes of Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) , Omri Casspi ( foot ) and Garrett Temple ( hamstring ) . The Splash Brothers ( Kevin Durant ) got out to rest , however , from Kevin Durant ( 26 points and four rebounds ) and Klay Thompson ( 39 points , three rebounds , four assists ) stepped up to carry the weight . Klay Thompson was the high - point man for the Warriors , finishing with 39 points , to go along with three rebounds and four assists . The Warriors shot 54 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich 's supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . Golden State shot the lights out , as they shot 54 percent from the floor and turned the ball over a whopping 17 times . The Nuggets were led by Klay Thompson , who scored a game - high 39 points on 13 - of - 22 shooting , while Steph Curry added 17 points , four assists and seven rebounds of his own . Kevin Durant was the only other Warriors player to score in double figures , as he scored 26 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting in 28 minutes . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Warriors host the Phoenix Suns , while the Nuggets host the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Phoenix Suns ( 16 - 52 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 45 - 21 ) 115 - 111 on Sunday . The Warriors found out earlier in the day that superstar forward Blake Griffin will be sidelined for much longer than originally anticipated , but his problematic quadriceps tendon is n't the cause . Instead , it 's a broken right hand allegedly suffered during an altercation with a team employee in Toronto that will apparently keep him out 0 - 11 weeks following knee surgery . Oubre provided a huge portion of the offense in his stead , posting a season - high 22 points - - adding five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block in a highly efficient 32 minutes of action . The Suns ' reserves were led by Kelly Oubre , Jr. , who totaled 22 points , five rebounds , an assist , a block and a steal over 34 minutes on the court . With the loss , the Warriors currently reside in second place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division , and a half - game behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They 're home against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . Klay Thompson paced the Warriors ' attack with 28 points , and he added five rebounds , five assists , three steals and a block . Kevin Durant followed with 25 points , two rebounds , three assists and two steals . Stephen Curry was next with a near double - double of 18 points , eight assists , seven rebounds , three steals and a block . Deandre Ayton was the only other member of the starting five to hit double digits in the scoring column , posting 18 points , nine rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Draymond Green rounded out the stat sheet with six points , 11 assists , a steal and a block . The Warriors remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They 're home again on Wednesday to face off against the Houston Rockets .
The Golden State Warriors ( 49 - 22 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 44 - 29 ) 112 - 89 Thursday 's at Oracle Arena . Golden State fell behind 19 - 19 after the first quarter , but held the Pacers to just 24 points in the second and third quarters and never looked back . All five Golden State starters scored in double figures , led by Tyreke Evans ' 20 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , two assists and one steal . The `` splash brother , Klay Thompson , was the only other Warrior to score in double figures , adding 18 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting in 29 minutes . The Pacers shot 49 percent from the field , compared to the Pacers ' 49 percent from the field , which tells the gross part of the story as to how they came away with the win . The Warriors will play their second game of a back - to - back when they travel to Dallas to take on the Mavericks on Sunday . DeMarcus Cousins continued his spectacular play to start the season , and he led the team in scoring with 19 points on 8 - for - 12 shooting to go along with 11 rebounds in 26 minutes . Stephen Curry struggled shooting the ball , going just 5 - of - 15 from the field , including 5 - of - 12 from long range . The only other player to score in double figures was Doug McDermott , who scored 11 points in 27 minutes off the bench . The Pacers will return to action Saturday when they host the Nuggets .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 29 - 44 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 49 - 23 ) 126 - 91 on Saturday . Dallas came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Dallas was defense , as they held the Warriors to 40 percent shooting and forced them to commit 10 turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with Dallas recording 33 assists to the Warriors 22 . Amazingly , the Mavericks won this game despite going 21 - for - 49 from three - point range . They were also efficient from long distance , as they went 21 - for - 49 in the loss . They also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 49 boards to the Mavericks 36 . The Mavericks also shot 53 percent from the field , while holding the Warriors to 40 percent shooting . The Mavericks also won the turnover battle , 10 - nine , and the rebounding battle , 49 - 36 . The Mavericks ( 49 - 44 ) have now won four - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he collected 25 points , five rebounds and four assists . Dirk Nowitzki was n't far behind , as he totaled 21 points and five rebounds . Ryan Broekhoff was a nice spark off the bench , providing 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . These two teams will have a rematch on Tuesday in Detroit for their next fixture .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Detroit Pistons , 121 - 114 , at Oracle Arena on Sunday . This game meant much more to Golden State than the Pistons and that proved to be the case in the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 39 minutes of this game . The Warriors offense was on point , as they shot 62 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Golden State recording seven more assists than the Pistons , while committing six less turnovers . The Warriors ( 50 - 23 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Blake Griffin was the player of the game , as he tallied 24 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Klay Thompson was n't far behind , as he accrued 24 points and two rebounds . Draymond Green was arguably their best player , as he collected 14 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points and 11 rebounds . Langston Galloway was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 12 points in 25 minutes . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday . The Pistons ( 37 - 36 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . Stephen Curry led the way for Detroit , as he collected 26 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Kevin Durant finished second on the team with 14 points and five rebounds on 5 - of - 6 shooting . Draymond Green stuffed the stat sheet with 14 points , five rebounds and eight assists . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Charlotte Hornets 137 - 90 Sunday at Oracle Arena . The Warriors ( 52 - 24 ) came into Sunday 's game with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Hornets ( 35 - 41 ) , as customary , have been one of the hottest team in the league this season . On Sunday , the Splash Brothers `` Steph Curry , who led the team with 25 points on an efficient 8 - of - 14 shooting . Thompson shot a stellar 9 - of - 16 from the field and 14 - of - 4 at the free - throw line . Thompson , meanwhile , was able to lead the team ( 52 - 56 ) for the second straight game , scoring 24 points on a perfect 9 - of - 16 shooting from the field . Thompson added a perfect rebound , and he added two steals and a block . He shot 9 - of - 16 from the field and 6 - of - 9 from three . As a team , the Warriors shot an impressive 60 percent from the field overall and 64 percent from behind the arc . For the Hornets , it was a night to forget , as the team shot just 35 percent from the field and 25 percent from behind the arc . Wily Hernangomez was the only other Hornets to score in double figures , scoring 22 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting from the field and 0 - of - 1 from behind the arc . As a team , the Hornets shot just 35 percent from the field and 25 percent from behind the arc in the second half . Up next , the Warriors will head home Monday to take on the Nuggets , while the Hornets will look to get back on the right track Tuesday against the Jazz .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Denver Nuggets 116 - 102 at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . The Warriors ( 53 - 24 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind strong play from superstar DeMarcus Cousins . Cousins led the way for Golden State with 28 points , 13 rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks on 12 - of - 17 shooting . Curry went on to finish with 17 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Stephen Curry added 17 points , five rebounds and five assists on 6 - of - 11 shooting , including five three - pointers . Paul Millsap added 11 points , eight rebounds and two assists across 30 minutes of action . Jamal Murray , who started in place of the injured Cody Zeller , finished with 17 points , four rebounds and five assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . The Nuggets ( 51 - 26 ) were led by Jamal Murray , who went off for 17 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with four rebounds , three assists and five steals on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Paul Millsap added 17 points , eight rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 12 shooting , while Klay Thompson added 13 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Warriors host the San Antonio Spurs , while the Warriors host the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 120 - 114 , at Oracle Arena on Friday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 8 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the only real difference , as Cleveland went just 7 - of - 30 from long distance , while Cleveland went 20 - of - 37 . The Warriors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Cleveland , despite committing eight less turnovers . The Cavaliers ( 19 - 61 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Stephen Curry was the player of the game , as he collected 40 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Kevin Durant was n't far behind , totaling 15 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Larry Nance Jr. recorded a double - double off the bench , providing 13 points , 14 rebounds , three assists and three steals . The Warriors ' next game will be on Sunday , when they play the San Antonio Spurs on the road . The Warriors ( 55 - 24 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Verizon Center . Collin offseason acquisition Kevin Durant led the team in scoring , tallying 27 points and four assists on 10 - of - 21 shooting . Draymond Green was the only other Warrior in double figures , totaling 20 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Larry Nance Jr. recorded a double - double off the bench , providing 13 points and 14 rebounds . The Cavaliers will look to keep rolling on Sunday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 131 - 104 , at Oracle Arena on Sunday . Golden State was expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Warriors team and they did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was free - throw shooting , with the Clippers hitting just 62 percent of their free - throws to the Celtic 's 91 percent . Rebounding was also key for Golden State , winning that battle , 47 - 39 . The Clippers ( 47 - 34 ) have now lost three - straight games , as they continue to vie for the top - seed in the west . Stephen Curry did all he could for Los Angeles the stat sheet , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds and four assists on 11 - of - 20 shooting . Kevin Durant was second on the team , with his 16 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 10 points , 10 rebounds , nine assists , five steals and three blocks . On deck for the Clippers is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday . The Clippers ( 47 - 34 ) are competing for the number - one seed in the west and this loss will clearly hurt that pursuit . Stephen Curry was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , five rebounds and four assists . No other starter had more than 11 points , as the other four starters combined for just 13 points . Landry Shamet led the bench with 12 points and a rebound . The Warriors will host the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday for their next game .
The Miami Heat defeated the Washington Wizards , 113 - 112 , at American Airlines Center on Thursday . Miami were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this dominating victory . In fact , the Heat pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 34 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Heat , as they held the Wizards to 47 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Miami winning that battle , 55 - 40 . The Heat also dominated the assist margin , winning that battle , 40 - 19 . John Wall led the Wizards in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , three rebounds and nine assists . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , totaling 20 points , two rebounds and two assists . Jeff Green was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 17 points , four rebounds and two steals . Miami 's next game will be on Saturday , when they take on the Toronto Raptors . Washington ( 1 - 1 ) has been one of the disappointments of the season and a game like this is the last thing they needed . John Wall did all he could though , as he led the team with 26 points , nine assists and four blocks . Rodney McGruder got the start for Thomas and finished with 20 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Hassan Whiteside went just 3 - of - 6 from the field to finish with nine points and 10 rebounds . Washington 's next game is on Saturday , when they play the Toronto Raptors on the road .
The Toronto Raptors took down the host Washington Wizards on Saturday , 117 - 113 . Toronto ( 3 - 0 ) has struggled this season after experiencing major roster losses in free agency . On Saturday , the team squeezed out a narrow win against the Wizards thanks to a strong fourth quarter push . The Raptors trailed by two points heading into the fourth but outscored the Wizards 27 - 31 in the period . Toronto , meanwhile , poured in a respectable 13 three - pointers . All-Star Bradley Beal led the team with 32 points , including six three - pointers . Big man Pascal Siakam , meanwhile , had a 10 - point , nine - rebound double - double . The Raptors ( 0 - 2 ) , meanwhile , kept the game competitive despite a tough performance behind the arc . The team shot just 33 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . All-Star Kyle Lowry , meanwhile , scored 25 points and dished out a team - high six assists . The Wiz shot over 42 percent on the night and had 17 three - pointers . For the Wizards , meanwhile , the loss comes in heartbreaking fashion for a team in desparate need of a win . The Wizards are on track for a historically poor season , as they now sit at 6 - 2 on the road . The Raptors will travel to Toronto on Monday . The Wizards will host the Hornets on Monday . Washington , meanwhile , will visit the Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Washington Wizards , 134 - 111 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . It 's rare to see Washington dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , this was a wire - to - wire win for Oklahoma City , as they led by at least 26 points for the entirety of the fourth quarter . Shooting was key , with the Thunder shooting 57 percent from the field and 47 percent from three - point range . The Wizards could only muster up 51 percent from the field and 17 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Thunder recording 34 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Wizards committed 18 turnovers to just 27 assists . Bradley Beal led the Wizards in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , two rebounds and four assists . Paul George was n't far behind , as he tallied 17 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and three rebounds . Jerami Grant led the Thunder in scoring off the bench , providing 22 points , four rebounds and three steals on 9 - of - 11 shooting . On deck for Oklahoma City is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . The Wizards ( 1 - 7 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at home . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 4 - of - 7 from three - point range . John Wall went just 8 - of - 13 from the field , but finished with 19 points , two rebounds and nine assists . John Wall went just 8 - of - 13 from the field , but still finished with 19 points , two rebounds and nine assists . Jerami Grant was huge off the bench , providing 22 points , four rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 11 shooting . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 14 points and four rebounds . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup against the New York Knicks on Sunday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the New York Knicks , 108 - 95 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . This game meant much more to the Wizards than the Wizards and they showed that in this one . In fact , Washington pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 23 minutes . Defense was key for the Wizards , as they held the Knicks to 42 percent from the field and 19 percent from three - point range . The Wizards also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle 47 - 51 . The Knicks ( 3 - 7 ) continue to struggle without Thomas and they did just that here . John Wall led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , seven assists and five steals on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Bradley Beal was second on the team , as he scored 22 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Wizards will be off until Monday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game . The Knicks ( 2 - 7 ) were undefeated in their home building coming into this , but folded late in the fourth quarter . Enes Kanter led the team in scoring , as he totaled 18 points and 12 rebounds off the bench . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Markieff Morris collected 16 points , six rebounds and five assists . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , amassing 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Wizards will be off until Tuesday , when they play the Chicago Bulls on the road for their next game .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Orlando Magic , 117 - 109 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Wizards took care of business in dominating fashion . The second quarter was the decisive stretch , with Washington winning that quarter , 25 - 25 . Shooting was the key for the Wizards , as they shot 51 percent from the field and recorded 24 assists . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Washington winning that battle , 41 - 34 . John Wall was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , finishing with 21 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 17 points and 11 rebounds . Terrence Ross was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 21 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Washington will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers for their next game . Orlando ( 6 - 8 ) came into this game with the lowest - scoring offense in the NBA , but they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out a win . Terrence Ross led the way for Orlando , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and two assists . Dwight Howard finished with 17 points and eight rebounds . Jeff Green was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points , six rebounds and two steals . Washington will look to keep rolling on Wednesday in a home matchup versus the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 119 - 95 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Cavaliers have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Wizards holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . The Wizards offense was unstoppable , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Wizards recording 30 assists to 18 turnovers , while the Wizards committed 23 turnovers to just 22 assists . The Cavaliers ( 5 - 12 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to walk away with the win . Bradley Beal was the star , as he scored a team - high 20 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Otto Porter was second on the team , as he scored 15 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting . John Wall accumulated just eight points , five rebounds , nine assists and two steals . David Nwaba was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Washington 's next game is on Friday , when they take on the Brooklyn Pistons at home . The Wizards ( 5 - 9 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 20 points , three rebounds , three assists and three steals . Otto Porter was second on the team , accruing 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Austin Rivers was second on the team , providing 12 points and two assists off the bench . The Cavs will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Brooklyn Nets .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Washington Wizards , 115 - 104 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Nets have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Nets holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . Defense was key for the Nets , as they held the Wizards to 43 percent from the field , 79 percent from the free - throw line and 17 percent from three - point range . The Nets ( 5 - 10 ) had to play this game without Kenneth Faried ( knee ) , but they did n't miss a beat . Dwight Howard was the player of the game , as he totaled 25 points and 17 rebounds in the win . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he dropped 20 points , six rebounds and two assists . John Wall went just 6 - of - 19 from the field , but still finished with 16 points , one rebound and seven assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points and four rebounds . On deck for Washington is a road matchup versus the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday . The Nets ( 7 - 9 ) have been playing much better recently , but this was a tough task against a feisty Brooklyn team . Dwight Howard had one of his best games of the season , as he collected 25 points , 17 rebounds and one block . Bradley Beal finished second on the team , totaling 20 points , six rebounds and two assists . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points , four rebounds and three steals . Brooklyn will host the Los Angeles Trail Blazers their road trip on Sunday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Washington Wizards , 119 - 109 , at Spectrum Center on Sunday . The Trail Blazers ( 11 - 5 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Wizards ( 5 - 11 ) in the middle quarters . Portland outscored the visitors by a 59 - 39 margin over the second and third quarters , allowing the Blazers to come away with the victory in the fourth quarter . John Wall led Washington with a game - high 24 points that he supplemented with three assists and three rebounds . C.J . McCollum was next with 25 points , seven rebounds and one steal . Otto Porter , Jr. bounced back from a scoreless outing over 19 minutes Wednesday to generate a full stat line of 13 points , four rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block . Tomas Satoransky supplied a 10 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included seven assists and a steal . Damian Lillard 's 40 points led the Blazers , a total he supplemented with six rebounds , five assists and one steal . C.J . McCollum was right behind with 25 points , seven boards and one steal . Otto Porter , Jr. posted a 13 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included two assists . Tomas Satoransky , starting at point guard with nine points , eight boards , one assist and one steal . John Wall paced Portland with 24 points , three assists , three rebounds , three blocks and one steal . C.J . McCollum followed with a bench - leading 25 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds and one steal . Beal followed with 12 points , four rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Bradley Beal was next with 12 points , four rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Saric led the second unit with 19 points , four assists , four rebounds , two blocks and one steal .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 125 - 80 , at Spectrum Center on Tuesday . The Wizards have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Clippers in this dominating win . In fact , Washington pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 41 minutes . Defense was key for the Wizards , as they held the Clippers to 52 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The Wizards also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 44 - 28 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 40 . The Clippers ( 11 - 6 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Clippers is just what the doctor ordered . John Wall was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , eight rebounds and eight assists on 9 - of - 24 shooting . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , totaling 27 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Otto Porter was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and 14 rebounds . Tomas Satoransky recorded a 11 - point , 9 - rebound double - double off the bench as well . Tobias Harris led the Clippers in scoring , as he totaled 29 points and nine rebounds on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 20 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Jeff Green led the bench in scoring , dropping 20 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting .
The Washington Wizards defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 124 - 114 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . These are two teams battling for playoff positioning and it was evident by the final scoreline . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Wizards , as they led for the final 42 minutes . Three-point shooting was the biggest difference , with the Wizards going 10 - of - 29 , while the Pelicans went just 11 - of - 31 from the charity stripe . The Wizards ( 7 - 12 ) have been a different team over recent weeks and blowout wins like this show just how good they can be . Otto Porter led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , seven rebounds and two steals on 12 - of - 15 shooting . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , totaling 18 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Nikola Mirotic was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 24 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a nice spark off the bench , accruing 12 points , four rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Kelly Oubre Jr. led the bench with 12 points , while Kelly Oubre , Jr. led the bench in scoring , dropping 12 points off the bench . New Orleans will host the Houston Rockets for their next game on Monday . The Pelicans ( 10 - 10 ) had to play this game without Anthony Davis ( hand ) and it clearly hurt their defense . Otto Porter led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , seven rebounds and two assists on 12 - of - 15 shooting . Bradley Beal was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Jrue Holiday accumulated 16 points , five rebounds and nine assists in the win . Jrue Holiday provided 16 points and nine assists of his own off the bench . Washington will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Houston Rockets .
James Harden led the way for the Rockets with 54 points on 17 - of - 32 shooting , along with 13 assists , eight rebounds and three steals , in 49 minutes . Bradley Beal followed up with 32 points , while the only other player to score in double digits for Washington was Jeff Green , who finished with 13 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting , including 8 - of - 3 from long range , in 37 minutes off the bench . The Wizards shot 11 - of - 29 from long range and 56 percent from the field overall . Meanwhile , John Wall was the high - point man for the Wizards , with 36 points on 13 - of - 24 shooting , in 40 minutes . Eric Gordon followed up with 36 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting , in 43 minutes . Markieff Morris followed up with 22 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , including 4 - of - 4 from long range , in 37 minutes . The only other player to score in double figures for Houston was Otto Porter , Jr. , with 14 points , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . P.J . Tucker was the high - point man for the Rockets , as he finished with five points to go along with 13 rebounds , in 43 minutes . Six other players scored in double digits for Houston , including P.J . Tucker , who added 5 points , 13 rebounds and three assists , in 30 minutes off the bench .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 102 - 88 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . The Wizards were expected to win this game rather easily and they took care of business after the first quarter . Brooklyn actually led for the majority of the game , as Brooklyn 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the second quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Wizards recording 19 assists to 13 turnovers , while the Nets committed 17 turnovers to just 19 assists . Three-point shooting was a big factor as well , with the Wizards going 8 - of - 26 , while the Nets went just 8 - of - 33 . Fastbreak points was the most decisive statistic though , with Washington winning that battle , 34 - 30 . The Nets ( 8 - 16 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap , but they did n't miss a beat . John Wall carried the load , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds and nine assists . Markieff Morris was second on the team , as he accrued 20 points , seven rebounds , two assists , three steals and two blocks . Markieff Morris collected 20 points , seven rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points and eight rebounds . Washington will look to build off this win on Monday in a road matchup with the New York shorthanded . Brooklyn ( 8 - 16 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this 88 - point effort only adds to those deficiencies . Allen Crabbe led the team in scoring , as he scored 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Brooklyn will look to play better on Monday , when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers for their next game . The Wizards ( 9 - 14 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . John Wall was the player of the game , as he collected 30 points , five rebounds and nine assists on 12 - of - 24 shooting . Markieff Morris finished second on the team with 20 points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocks . D'Angelo Russell made his return from a knee injury to accrue 8 points , two rebounds and seven assists . Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Monday against the New York Knicks .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Washington Wizards , 130 - 125 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . This game meant much more to the Celtics than the Wizards and they showed that in this one . In fact , Boston pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 64 - plus minutes . Defense was key for the Celtics , as they held the Wizards to 51 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . Boston also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 12 more assists than Washington , despite committing six less turnovers . The Wizards ( 11 - 17 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Wizards is just what they need to get going . Kyrie Irving led the team in scoring , as he tallied 38 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Bradley Beal was second on the team , as he accrued 22 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Jeff Green was the only other Wizard in double figures , as he dropped 22 points on a perfect 7 - of - 11 shooting . On deck for the Wizards is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday . The Celtics ( 17 - 10 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . John Wall was the player of the game , as he accumulated 34 points , six rebounds , 13 assists and two steals on 14 - of - 26 shooting . Bradley Beal finished second on the team with 22 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Jayson on deck for Washington is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 128 - 110 , at FedEx Forum on Sunday . In this potential playoff preview , Washington showed just how good they can be in their home building . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Wizards , as they led for the final 42 minutes . In addition , the Wizards held a double - digit lead for the final 31 minutes of this game . The Wizards offense was on point , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 51 - 43 . The Lakers ( 18 - 12 ) had to play this game without Paul Millsap ( thigh ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Wizards team . John Wall was the player of the game , as he collected 40 points , six rebounds , 14 assists , three steals and two blocks . Kyle Kuzma was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 20 points , six rebounds and three assists . Sam Dekker got his first start and dropped a career - high 20 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting . On deck for the Lakers is a home matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday . The Wizards ( 12 - 18 ) have now lost six of their last seven games , as they continue to show how dangerous they can be . John Wall was the player of the game , as he collected 40 points , six rebounds , 14 assists , three steals and two blocks . Bradley Beal finished second on the team , totaling 25 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . LeBron James provided 13 points , six rebounds and three assists . On deck for the Lakers is a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday .
Bradley Beal 's season - high 40 points on 17 - of - 33 shooting led the way for Washington , which shot 50 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . Four other members of the first unit managed double - digit scoring , and Washington managed a 50 percent success rate from the floor overall . Deandre Ayton was the only other Phoenix player to score in double digits , posting 26 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting . Meanwhile , Jeff Green and Trevor Ariza turned in matching 20 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds and one steal and the latter supplying three rebounds and one assist . Richaun Holmes led the bench with a 12 - point , 17 - rebound double - double that also included nine steals . Kelly Oubre , Jr. was also productive as a reserve , supplying 20 points . Booker 's 33 - point , 4 - assist double - double led the Suns . T.J. Warren followed with 28 points , eight rebounds , four assists , two blocks and two steals . Jeff Green filled out the stat sheet with 20 points . Green contributed a 20 - point , 8 - rebound , that he supplemented with two steals and one block . Richaun Holmes led the bench with five points , five rebounds , one steal and one block . The Suns next head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Sunday evening , while the Wizards remain home to tangle with the Indiana Pacers on Sunday afternoon .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 24 points , on 7 - of - 12 shooting , including 3 - of - 4 from long range , along with three rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 28 minutes off the bench . Jeff Green chipped in 11 points on 3 - of - 10 shooting , including 0 - of - 3 from long range , along with seven rebounds and four assists , in 22 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double figures for the Wizards , led by Zach LaVine , who finished with 24 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench . Wendell only three players scored in double digits for the Wizards , including Kris Dunn , who added 13 points and 14 rebounds , in 32 minutes off the bench . The Bulls shot 8 - of - 22 from long range and 40 percent from the field over the absence of Jabari Leonard . Up next , the Bulls will head to Toronto to take on the Raptors on Saturday . Chicago will look to get back on track as they face the second game of a four - game road trip , on Saturday in Washington . The Bulls will have a few days off before they face the Raptors in Toronto on Saturday , which are the second of a back - to - back , while they have a few days off before taking on the Raptors in Washington on Saturday evening , in what will be the first of a three - game road trip .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 130 - 126 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . In a battle between two Eastern Conference mainstays , there was n't a whole lot to separate these two squads . There were actually 20 ties and 19 lead changes in the first half , as it came down to the final seconds . Turnovers are what killed the Hornets , as they committed 16 of them , while forcing just 12 from the Wizards . Washington was very efficient on their end , as they shot 52 percent from the field and assisted on 35 of their 48 made baskets . They also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 42 - 41 . Washington also took advantage of transition baskets , winning the fastbreak differential , 19 - 4 . The Wizards ( 14 - 23 ) had to play this game without Ian Mahinmi and that 's simply too much to overcome against an elite team like the Hornets . Trevor Ariza led the team in scoring , as he tallied 24 points , seven rebounds and nine assists . Thomas Beal finished with 19 points , four rebounds , five assists and six steals . Marvin Williams amassed 17 points , seven rebounds , three assists and three steals . Tomas Satoransky was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , four rebounds and six assists on 6 - of - 11 from the field . Washington will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Atlanta Hawks for their next game . Charlotte ( 17 - 18 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this 126 - point performance only adds to those deficiencies . Trevor Ariza was the only starter in double figures , as he totaled 24 points and seven rebounds . Marvin Williams was the only other player in double figures , as he amassed 17 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Tomas Satoransky recorded a 20 - point , 4 - rebound performance off the bench as well .
The Washington Wizards ( 15 - 23 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 11 - 26 ) 114 - 98 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Arena in Washington . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Hawks 35 - 29 in the first quarter alone . The Wizards were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went 42 percent from the floor and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Wizards also forced the Hawks into 14 turnovers , while committing just 10 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Wizards were led by Alex Len , who went off for a game - high of 24 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , while also adding 11 rebounds and three blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 29 assists over his last two games . Green on the other hand shot 7 - for - 13 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 22 points off the bench , while also adding six rebounds and six assists . He 's now scored 12 or more points in three out of his last four games , despite averaging only 9 points on the season . Overall , it was a nice surprise for the Wizards . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Kevin Huerter , who came off the bench for 12 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and a rebound . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 123 - 106 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday . The Wizards have been one of the worst teams in the league over recent weeks and they gave it to the Sixers in this dominating win . In fact , Washington pulled out a wire - to - wire victory , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 30 - plus minutes . Defense was key , as they held Philadelphia to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 24 turnovers . The Wizards ended up shooting 54 percent from the field , while holding Philadelphia to just 43 percent . The Sixers ( 27 - 15 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and a road win in Philadelphia just adds to their impressive resume ' . Joel Embiid once again carried the load , as he tallied 35 points , 14 rebounds , two assists and three blocks in the win . Otto Porter was second on the team , finishing with 23 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Ben Simmons was the only bench player in double figures , as he dropped 15 points . Washington 's next game is on Friday , when they take on the Atlanta Hawks at home . The Wizards ( 17 - 25 ) have been a different team at home this season and this sort of win shows why they are so scary in their home building . Joel Embiid did all he could for Philadelphia , as he led the team with 35 points , 14 rebounds and three blocks on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Jimmy Butler was second on the team , collecting 23 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals . Trevor Ariza amassed 17 points and five rebounds . On deck for the Sixers is a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Friday .
The Washington Wizards ( 18 - 25 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 29 - 12 ) 113 - 106 on Friday . Washington has won three straight games to help keep them in second place in the Eastern Conference standings , just below the first place Toronto Raptors . Bradley Beal led the way with a game - high 32 points to go along with five rebounds , seven assists and three steals in 39 minutes . It was Beal 's third straight game scoring 20-plus points and third straight game shooting over 57 percent from the field . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter to score in triple figures , finishing with 20 points . Trevor Ariza returned to the floor after sitting out the Bucks ' last game . He put up 20 points and three rebounds in 40 minutes . The Wizards will try to keep the good times rolling when they host the Toronto Raptors on Sunday . Milwaukee had their two - game win streak snapped , and they 've now lost three of their last five games . Bradley Beal has been filling in as the starting small forward for this team and is expected to miss at least another two weeks . The Bucks will return home to host the Hawks on Sunday , and the Wizards will embark on a four - game road trip that begins in Washington on Sunday against the Hawks . Washington will hope to keep their playoff hopes alive against the Hawks as they embark on a four - game Western Conference road trip that begins against the Toronto Hawks on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 33 - 12 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 18 - 26 ) 140 - 138 on Sunday . The Wizards came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Bradley Beal was the hero , as he hit a game - winning jumper at the buzzer to seal the win . There were eight ties and 16 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than seven points . Washington got off to a hot start in the first quarter , as they scored 60 points in the first half to take a 18 - point lead . The rebounding was key , as Toronto snatched down 59 boards to Washington 's 51 . The Wizards also shot an impressive 47 percent from the field , while holding the Wizards to 46 percent on their end . The Raptors also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 51 boards to the Wizards 51 . Washington came into this game as a huge underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Bradley Beal was the star , as he recorded a career - high 43 points in the win . Trevor Ariza also had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 12 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Washington will look to bounce back on Wednesday against the New York Knicks in their next game . This was Toronto 's first game without Danilo Leonard and it really hurt them down the stretch . Kawhi Leonard did all he could though , as he scored a game - high 41 points to go along with 11 rebounds , three blocks and five assists in the defeat . Washington will look to bounce back on Wednesday against the New York Knicks in their next matchup .
The Washington Wizards ( 19 - 26 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 34 ) 101 - 100 on Thursday . Bradley Beal led the Wizards with a team - high 26 points and added four assists in 40 minutes . Otto Porter Jr. was held to a season - low 20 points , and both Trevor Ariza and Noah Trevor Ariza finished with double - doubles of their own . Ariza finished with 12 points , seven rebounds and seven assists in 38 minutes , and Porter had a double - double with 20 points and 11 rebounds . The Wizards will go on the road to face the Detroit Pistons on Monday . New York has lost 26 straight games , and this loss may have brought them to a new and unique low . Only one player scored in double digits for them , including Luke Kornet who led the team with 16 points on 5 - for - 11 shooting from the field . Up next , the Wizards will stay home to take on the Pistons on Monday , while the Knicks will travel to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder and also the Oklahoma City Thunder will travel on Monday to face the Oklahoma City their final game . New York has lost Monday against the Thunder , and they 'll hope to continue their hot start as they embark on a four - game road trip that begins against the Oklahoma City - hot against the Pistons in the second round of the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , coming off a Monday matchup against the Thunder .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Detroit Pistons , 101 - 87 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . In this potential playoff preview , Washington showed just how good they can be in their home building . It was a near wire - to - wire win for the Wizards , as they led for over 45 minutes of this game , with Detroit having just one one - point lead in the first quarter . Shooting was key , with the Wizards hitting 46 percent of their shots , while holding Detroit to just 40 percent from the field . The Wizards also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Detroit , while committing three less turnovers . The Wizards ( 20 - 26 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently . but this was a tough task against a hungry Wizards team . Trevor Ariza was the only starter in double figures , as he tallied 20 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . Otto Porter was second on the team , totaling 19 points and four rebounds . Tomas Satoransky recorded a 19 - point , 4 - rebound , 8 - assist double - double off the bench . On deck for Detroit is a home matchup versus the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday . The Wizards ( 20 - 26 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fall deeper out of the playoffs . Blake Griffin led the way for Detroit , as he collected 29 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Thomas Beal finished with 16 points , two rebounds and four assists . Otto Porter was second on the team in scoring , collecting 19 points and four rebounds . Jeff Green came off the bench to provide 11 points , three rebounds and two assists .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Washington Wizards 126 - 118 at Moda Center on Thursday . The Warriors ( 34 - 14 ) came out flat on the second night of a back - to - back , resulting in their second straight loss . They shot 46 percent from the field and went 7 - of - 42 from long range in their starting first half . Trevor Ariza was the high - point man in the contest with 27 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , along with three assists , three rebounds , two steals and one block . Durant went on to score 21 points , to go along with two rebounds , five assists , two blocks and two steals , while Bradley Beal added 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . Tomas Satoransky was big off the bench for the Wizards , with 20 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting , including 3 - of - 5 from deep . DeMarcus Cousins led the way for the Warriors with 27 points , six rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Bradley Beal added 22 points on 8 - of - 22 shooting , while the only other player to score in double digits for the Wizards was Thomas Bryant , who finished with 14 points on 6 - of - 7 shooting . The Wizards ( 20 - 27 ) were led by Trevor Ariza , who finished with a game - high 27 points , to go along with three rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block , in 39 minutes . Tomas Satoransky was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , three rebounds , three assists and three steals .
The Washington Wizards ( 22 - 29 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 32 - 18 ) 107 - 89 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Washington . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Pacers 35 - 25 in the first quarter alone . The Wizards were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 53 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went just 39 percent from the floor and a meager 29 percent from beyond the arc . The Wizards were also able to force the Pacers into 18 turnovers , while committing only 14 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Wizards were led by Thaddeus Young , who went 5 - for - 8 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 13 points , while also adding seven rebounds and a blocked shot . It was a season - high in points for Young , as he 's only averaging 14 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a triple - double , Jeff Green finished with 23 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds and six assists . It was his second straight 23 - point performance , pushing his season average to 31 points per game . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was T.J. Leaf . He went 5 - for - 7 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 12 points . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Thursday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 38 - 13 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 22 - 30 ) 131 - 115 on Saturday . Bradley Beal led the Wizards with 24 points and three assists in 37 minutes . He was aided by a spark off the bench , and Khris Middleton , who scored 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting in 30 minutes . The Bucks have been wading through a tough stretch of their schedule that will continue as they embark on a four - game Western Conference road trip Monday against the Brooklyn Nets . Washington has dropped two straight as they work to find a balance following Giannis Lopez 's absence . Brook Lopez has been the lone bright spot in the starting lineup for the Wizards . He nearly had a triple - none by finishing with 21 points , six rebounds and two blocks in 27 minutes . The Wizards will try to right the ship Monday against the Los Angeles Hawks . The Bucks will host the Brooklyn Hawks on Monday , as they will wrap up their seven - game road trip in double figures . The Wizards will try to right their ship when they travel to Atlanta for the second game of their back - to - back tilt in Monday 's February . Washington will try to keep the good times rolling when they embark on a four - game road trip that begins in Washington on Monday against the Hawks . Washington will wrap up their two - game road trip in Atlanta on Monday against the Hawks . Washington will stay home to host the Atlanta Hawks on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 18 - 35 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 22 - 31 ) 137 - 129 on Monday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Atlanta shot 51 percent from the field , while holding Washington to just 49 percent shooting . The Hawks actually dominated the shooting , as they shot 49 percent from the field , 86 percent from the free - throw line and 50 percent from three - point range . The ball movement was superb as well , with Atlanta recording 29 assists on their 48 made baskets . Washington had to play this game without their only 2015 - 16 All-Star and it was clear they did n't have enough in the tank to beat a hungry Hawks team . Bradley Beal was the star of the show , as he tallied 27 points , six rebounds and six assists in the victory . Jordan McRae was a huge spark off the bench , as he accumulated 20 points , five rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the victory . Atlanta will have a quick turnaround as they travel to take on the Toronto Raptors on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back set . Washington had to play this game without Nikola Vucevic and it clearly hampered them in this loss . Thomas went just 4 - for - 9 from the field , but still finished with 11 points and five assists in the victory . Jeff Green and Taurean Prince led the team in scoring , as they scored 26 points a piece . On deck for the Wizards is a date with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday .
The Washington Wizards ( 23 - 32 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 11 - 44 ) 119 - 106 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Cleveland , as they shot 38 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Wizards recording 35 assists to just 16 turnovers , while Cleveland committed 14 turnovers to the Cavaliers ' 21 . The Cavaliers had one of their best offensive games of the season , but went just 38 percent from the field . Bobby Portis was one of the leaders for the rest of the team , as he scored 24 points and grabbed six rebounds in the loss . David Nwaba also played well , as he amassed 17 points , two assists and eight rebounds in the defeat . The Wizards have a quick turnaround , as they play the Indiana Pacers on Saturday in their next game . Washington has been playing some great ball as of late and they appear unbeatable at home . They are now 16 - 1 at home and that 's a scary sight for the Cavs all season . The Cavaliers will play the Indiana Pacers in their next game on Saturday in a playoff spot in a date with both the Cavaliers in the starting lineup . The Cavaliers did n't play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building . Bobby Portis was a bright spot , as he scored a career - high 30 points off the bench . Up next for Washington is a matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 40 - 20 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 24 - 36 ) 119 - 112 on Saturday . A tightly - contested affair neverthless featured a fair share of mistakes from both teams , and the victorius Pacers were actually more of a guilty party . Indiana committed 22 turnovers , including six from Indiana . The Pacers were led by Thaddeus Young 's 22 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , three assists and a steal . No other starter managed double - digit scoring , including sharpshooter Doug McDermott ( 12 points , one rebound , an assist and a block ) and Jabari Parker ( 12 points , four rebounds and a block ) serving as the other four members of the starting five with double - digit scoring . The Pacers improved to 40 - 20 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Pistons on Monday . Washington was led by a pair of 35 - point efforts from a familiar duo , Thaddeus Young and Bojan Bogdanovic . The former supplemented his scoring with four rebounds , three assists and a steal , while the latter supplemented his scoring total with four rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals . His scoring haul included a 3 - for - 5 tally from three - point range . The Wizards head to Detroit for a Monday night date with the Pistons , while the Wizards head to Brooklyn to take on the Pistons on Wednesday evening as they take on the Nets .
The Washington Wizards ( 26 - 37 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 29 - 34 ) 135 - 121 on Sunday . A game that was expected to be a grind - it - out defensive battle largely fulfilled that prophecy , with Washington finally able to pull away on the strength of a pair of standout efforts from their two best players , and a suffocating defense from the Timberwolves ( 29 - 34 ) to close out the victory . Washington was led by a pair of 26 - point efforts from Karl-Anthony Towns and Bobby Portis , while the latter also contributed 10 rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a block . Jabari Parker was right behind him with 22 points , six rebounds , an assist , a steal and two blocks . Taj Gibson also tallied a double - double , posting 14 points and hauling in 10 boards . Jeff Green paced the Washington reserves with 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . The Timberwolves fell to 29 - 34 and remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Thunder on Tuesday . Washington was led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from a familiar duo , Bobby Portis and Bradley Beal . The former added 12 rebounds and a steal , while the latter supplemented his scoring total with a pair of rebounds and a steal , while Tomas Satoransky supplied a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double in just 28 minutes to lead the Washington reserves . The Wizards improved to 26 - 37 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home to face the Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Washington Wizards ( 27 - 37 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 37 ) 132 - 123 on Wednesday at the United Center in Washington . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 33 - 43 in the first quarter alone . The Wizards were the superior shooters in this game as well , going 54 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went just 48 percent from the floor and a meager 37 percent from deep . The Wizards were led by the duo of Bradley Beal and Jabari Parker . Dončić went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 30 points , while also adding seven rebounds . Beal , on the other hand , finished with 30 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds and eight assists , coming just one rebound shy of a triple - double . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big reason for the Wizards ' success this season . Jabari Parker also had a strong showing , finishing with 20 points ( 10 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) and nine rebounds in 28 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 37 rebounds over his last two games . The Mavericks also received a huge contribution off the bench from KJ Finney-Smith . Coming off the bench , he went 4 - for - 9 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 10 points , while also adding seven rebounds and a blocked shot . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 37 points and 37 assists over his last two games . Both Dorian Finney-Smith and Jalen reached double figures in points as well , posting 10 and 10 points respectively . The Mavericks ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday , while the Mavericks will travel to Orlando to play the Magic on Friday .
The Washington Wizards ( 28 - 39 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 33 - 33 ) 121 - 115 on Monday at the Air Canada Centre in Washington . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Kings 28 - 20 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Wizards were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 45 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from deep . The Wizards also forced the Kings into 16 turnovers , while committing just 17 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one . The Wizards were led by Bradley Beal , who went 9 - for - 20 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding nine assists and four steals . He continues to be very inconsistent for the Kings , as his scoring and rebounding numbers fluctuate at a high rate from game to game . Jabari Parker had a solid showing as well with 18 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and four rebounds in 23 minutes . He 's now averaging 16 points and 5 rebounds on the season . The only other King in double figures was Harrison Barnes , who added 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) . The Wizards ' next game will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Thursday , while the Kings will travel to Boston to play the Celtics on Thursday .
The Washington Wizards ( 29 - 39 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 31 - 38 ) , 100 - 90 , on Wednesday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . Both teams got off to torrid starts on the offensive end , with the Wizards opening the game shooting 17 - of - 27 from the field and the Wizards going just 8 - for - 33 from beyond the arc . The Wizards out - rebounded the Wizards 46 - 48 , but it was n't enough to overcome their poor shooting , as the Magic shot just 36 percent from the field and 36 percent from behind the arc . Nikola Vucevic was a big reason for the Magic 's victory , as he finished with a game - high 20 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 14 rebounds . He 's now combined for 52 points in the last two games , as he continues to find his teammates at a high rate . Jabari Parker added 19 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds and one steal in 27 minutes . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Charlotte Hornets on Thursday , while the Magic will go on the road to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Friday after the All-Star break with respect to the All-Star 's on April . Orlando will have a tough opportunity to get some of their groove , as they go on to host the Cavaliers on Friday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 31 - 37 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 29 - 40 ) 116 - 110 on Friday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a result like this and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Hornets had a 26 - point lead headed into the fourth quarter . Charlotte was unconscious from the field , as they shot 46 percent from the field , 83 percent from the free - throw line and 45 percent from three - point range . The second quarter was the difference in the game , as the Hornets outscored the Wizards 40 - 27 in that 16 - minute stretch . Washington has been playing the best defense in the NBA over recent weeks and continued that form here . Bradley Beal led the team with 40 points and five assists in the loss and went 15 - for - 3 from the free - throw line . Jeremy Lamb also played well off the bench , as he scored 18 points . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter to play well , as he totaled 16 points , five rebounds and six assists . The Hornets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday in their next game . Washington has been playing some great ball as of late and they appear unbeatable at home . They are now 3 - 4 over their last 13 games , while scoring at least 110 points in all of those losses . Kemba Walker did all he could though , as he scored 28 points in the loss . Jabari Parker had one of his best games of the season as well , as he accumulated 20 points , 11 rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Washington 's next game will be on Saturday when they take on the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Washington Wizards ( 30 - 40 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 28 - 42 ) 135 - 128 in overtime on Saturday . Washington came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Washington was the shooting , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 49 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Wizards recorded 26 assists to just 11 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed just eight turnovers to 35 assists . The Wizards did a great job of closing things out at the free - throw line , as they went 36 - for - 43 from the charity stripe , while the Grizzlies went just 20 - of - 26 . Memphis also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Grizzlies 40 . The Wizards also took advantage of the whistle , going 36 - for - 43 from the free - throw line , with 36 percent from three - point range . The offense was spectacular for the Wizards , as they shot 51 percent from the field , 84 percent from the free - throw line and 49 percent from three - point range . Mike Conley led the way for Memphis , as he tallied 28 points , three rebounds and 12 assists . Jabari Parker was second on the team , with his 20 points and two assists . Bobby Portis played well off the bench , amassing 18 points , six rebounds and two steals . Tomas Satoransky was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , six rebounds and seven assists . The Wizards will host the Utah Jazz on Monday for their next game . The Grizzlies ( 28 - 42 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Mike Conley did all he could for Memphis , as he accumulated 28 points , three rebounds and 12 assists . Jonas Valanciunas amassed 22 points and eight rebounds . Bobby Portis was huge off the bench , providing 18 points and six rebounds .
The Utah Jazz ( 41 - 29 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 41 ) 116 - 95 on Monday in Washington . The Jazz were able to overcome a strong second half , where they out - scored the Wizards 46 - 30 to give them just enough of an advantage to secure the victory in front of their home crowd . Utah was able to shoot 54 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line compared to the Wizards , who shot 42 percent from the floor and 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Jazz were led by the duo of Jabari Parker and Jae Crowder . Parker shot 8 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also contributing seven rebounds and three steals . Beal , on the other hand , added 15 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) of his own , to go along with two assists . Over his last three games , he 's now averaging 26 points , as he 's had the hot hand of late . Jae Crowder was the only other starter to reach double - digits in points . He finished with 18 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt ) , while also adding five rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 6 rebounds over his last two games . The Jazz 's next game will be on the road against the New York Knicks on Wednesday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 48 - 22 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 43 ) 113 - 108 on Thursday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their shooting , as they shot 53 percent from the field and 47 percent from three - point range in their win . Denver also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 40 boards to the Wizards 38 . The Nuggets also shot 53 percent from the field , while holding the Wizards to 51 percent shooting . The Wizards also dominated the rebounding and assists , as they snatched down 40 boards to Washington 's 38 . The Wizards came into this game as a huge favorite and did n't disappoint . No player scored more than 15 points for the Wizards , as they had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set . Washington did a great job of hanging around in this game , but just could n't prevail late . Bradley Beal was the star of the show , as he tallied 25 points , eight assists and three steals in the win . Rookie Paul Millsap also had a nice game , as he amassed 15 points , six rebounds , two assists and three steals in the win . Up next for Denver is a game against the New York Knicks on Saturday . The Wizards have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Nikola Jokic flirted with a triple - double , as he collected 15 points , six rebounds and 11 assists in the loss . Thomas led the team with 25 points , while Tomas Satoransky provided a double - double off the bench as well . Up next for Denver is a matchup with the New York Knicks on Saturday .
The Miami Heat ( 36 - 37 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 44 ) 113 - 108 on Saturday . Miami came into this game as a rare road favorite and could n't muster up enough for a win . The key for Miami was their defense , as they held Washington to 43 percent shooting and forced them to commit 12 turnovers . The Heat were unconscious from the field , as they went 50 percent from the field , 31 percent from three - point range and 68 percent from the free - throw line . The Heat also dominated the rebounding and assists , as they snatched down 44 boards to the Wizards 53 . The Heat also took care of business at the charity stripe , going 13 - of - 19 , with the Wizards hitting just 9 - of - 23 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Heat recording 29 assists to just 11 turnovers , while the Wizards committed 12 turnovers to 25 assists . Jeff Green led the Wizards in scoring , as he dropped 25 points , six rebounds and five assists . No other starter had more than 18 points , as the other four starters combined for just 23 points . Bobby Portis recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 14 points and 11 rebounds . Kelly Olynyk was a huge spark off the bench , as he amassed 14 points , seven rebounds , five assists , three steals and three blocks . On deck for the Heat is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday . The Wizards ( 30 - 44 ) are now just 5 - 6 across their last 12 games . Thomas Wade was the team 's best player , as he tallied 20 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Dion Waiters was n't far behind , tallying 19 points , three rebounds and three assists of his own . Bam on deck for Washington is a matchup with the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 22 - 57 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 32 - 47 ) 115 - 114 on Wednesday . This game meant much more to the Bulls than Wizards and it was evident by the result . The second quarter is when Chicago made their mark , as they outscored Washington , 27 - 30 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was a huge factor as well , as the Bulls recorded 22 assists to 20 turnovers , while the Wizards committed 12 turnovers to 24 assists . Washington had to lean on their bench heavily in this game , with four players scoring at least 11 points . JaKarr Sampson led the team in scoring with 24 points off the bench , while JaKarr Sampson scored a team - high 18 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting . On deck for the Bulls is a matchup with the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday . Washington has been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've lost five of their last six games . Bobby Portis was especially great , as he scored 20 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in the loss . Rookie Bradley Beal also had a nice game , as he amassed 19 points , four rebounds and two assists in just 22 minutes of action . Robin Lopez also had a nice game , as he amassed 12 points , five rebounds and two blocks . The Bulls will look to build off this win when they take on the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 46 - 34 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 32 - 48 ) 129 - 112 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . The two teams combined for just 79 points in the first half and shot horrendously . The Wizards actually outshot the Wizards 56 percent to 48 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range in the game . The free - throw shooting was the difference in the game , as the Spurs went 17 - for - 20 while the Wizards went just 9 - for - 32 . Washington did dominate down low though , as they scored a season - high 70 points in the paint , while outrebounding the Spurs 34 to 24 . The Spurs came into this game as a huge underdog , but gave a valiant effort in a tough defeat . Bradley Beal was the star of the show , as he tallied 25 points , two rebounds and five assists . Rudy Gay also had a great game , as he tallied 18 points , six rebounds and four assists . Up next for San Antonio is a matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday . This was Washington 's first game without Danilo Parker and it really hurt them down the stretch . LaMarcus Aldridge had a fantastic game , as he collected 24 points , seven rebounds and two assists in the win . Bryn Forbes also had a nice game , as he amassed 17 points , one rebound and four assists . Up next for San Antonio is a matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the host Celtics Celtics , 116 - 25 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday . In a battle between two struggling teams , the game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 17 points , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Celtics going 15 - of - 44 from long distance , while the Celtics hit just 17 - of - 17 . Fastbreak points was key as well , with Boston winning that differential , 15 - 8 . The Celtics ( 38 - 50 ) have now lost five of their last six games , as they continue to fight for a playoff berth . Bradley Beal was the player of the game , as he tallied 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , totaling 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . PJ Hunter recorded a double - double , amassing 12 points and 11 rebounds . Robert Bryant was the only Celtics starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and six rebounds . Tomas Satoransky led the bench with 17 points and three rebounds . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup against the Boston Celtics on Tuesday . The Wizards ( 32 - 50 ) are fighting for a playoff berth and blown leads like this are devastating for that pursuit . Brad Antetokonmpo was the team 's best player , as he tallied 18 points , 14 rebounds and five assists . Bradley Beal finished with 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . Jaylen Brown led the bench with 15 points , three rebounds and two assists , while Guerschon a season - high .
